"I’m blown away at how many people say they think the audio is good. Technically, the audio is crap. If you look it up it is one-third the quality of a normal mp3. That is literally the same quality as a payphone. On top of that, they add effects to remove the background noise. This actually makes your voice sound worse, not better. By removing any noise, it also removes parts of your voice that make it sound clear. In fact, the only real time you want to remove background noise is when there’s lots of noise happening in the background. Like at a baseball game, or a crowded street. But if you’re having a conference in those environments, you shouldn’t be in a conference. Instead, Zoom places all the attention on that possible situation, killing the clarity for the situations where most people use Zoom: In a quiet office. 

Zoom. Please, please, please improve the audio quality. You advertise HD Voice, but the quality is abhorrent and unlistenable. You are doing your customers a disservice.

Otherwise, it’s a great app."
"I highly recommend ZOOM. I’m connected @ lightning speed- within 10 seconds. It’s the most reliable & user-friendly meeting platform I’ve utilized (I’ve utilized so many). It’s very user-friendly as a presenter & attendee. It’s very seamless to transfer your presentation from your iPad, laptop or computer. 
The HD visual clarity, outstanding sound & volume are to be commended. I did note a few comments regarding issues with these aspects. It seems like those issues could possibly be related to something on the user’s system. I’m very impressed that ZOOM’s Developer Team responds to their user’s issues & reaches out directly to the end users to resolve the issue(s)."
Don’t have much use for it to schedule meetings with my outlook contacts
Es genial!!! De muy alta cualidad
"I use all of the different conference apps and this one is unusable
- Camera is automatically on when you start it (are you kidding?)
- Where are the *%#$! camera and mic controls? There's something called driving mode where you tap to speak but that's it, and that's not real useful.

This app isn't done. Pull it off the app store, finish it, and put it back up."
I love it
Nice app
We us for noon prayer and Bible study and board meetings works great we can share documents and downloads
On my iPhone, very inconsistent audio.  When joining meetings I’ll see a PowerPoint presentation but about half the time my audio is out and I’ll need to leave and rejoin the call multiple times to get in-app audio working.  A few times my only option was to dial in as the internet audio just wouldn’t play.
The latest update has made Bluetooth connectivity horrible with static and scratching noises it was great before latest update please fix it as it’s almost impossible to use Bluetooth headsets on Mobil devices!
Amen!
Email
"5 stars as soon as y’all fix the in-app browser or simply allow the user to choose.

Also consider increasing the paltry cloud storage (1 GB?) for paid users..."
It’s fine few bugs but its perfectly fine, although, setting up an account is a bit tricky...
I’ve found the best quality with WiFi. If you are trying to use cellular data even LTE you will have audio issues. My wife and I use this at least once a week. The only time we had audio issues is with cellular data. I wish folks would look at user error before giving bad reviews. Believe it or not, your home WiFi is probably 10x faster than your cellular connection.
I use this app all the time to take conference calls at home and the office. I often need to take these calls from the car as well. Zoom has a nice “safe driving mode” feature that lets you “tap to talk” if you dock your phone while you drive. I recently got a new car with CarPlay, and was surprised that the Zoom app icon in CarPlay doesn’t work the same way. Instead, when you launch Zoom from the dash, it launches a voice prompt asking who you want to call. It’s a worthless feature. I would much rather see a list of scheduled meetings. Once a meeting is launched, it should work just like the “safe driving mode” on the phone and let you mute, hang up, etc.
Only thing I’ve noticed troubles with is that it doesn’t push me the new IMs when my phone is locked, the app basically has to be left open to get new messages. Any idea how to solve that?
I forgot my password and had to reset it.  While on the login screen i opted for the “forgot password” option and had NOT attempted too many times nor gotten a message that it was locked.   I successfully reset the password via email link and it sent me back to sign in with it.  I put in the new password and it immediately locked me out.  This all before a conference call due to start in 10 minutes.   I appreciate security but this kind of glitch seems unnecessary to have to deal with.
Not ready for prime time - everything else works much better from my experience. Disappointing.
Thank u
Add support when record video it has audio as well 😕
Come hear the Word of God
The most un user-friendly platform I have ever used.
Enjoying the Zoom app.  Very helpful when you can not be at a place, but yet you are there because of the video Zoom.  Thank you.
Bright heart health has saved my life. All of the care team are really helpful. They stay with you through the process and it’s really convenient.
"It has happened to me more than 3 times now that I start a meeting and I don’t see anyone on call except myself. However other people who have joined from laptop are able to get together on call. You need to fix this issue
p.s:I have given permissions to people in my company to start the meeting even if I am not there"
It’s super
I keep missing meeting I am installed but it keeps telling me to install. I neve get anywhere what is this. I am using iPhone 7
This is the best app ever! I mostly use it in education group settings but will also use it in one-on-one settings to communicate directly to an individual.  I like that we can share information on the web, or share files for example. Sometimes I record and when I do the app works perfectly. I’m pleased that so far I’ve not needed to use an extra set of headphones. I’m looking forward to future updates but as of today this is the best app around.
This platform is very user friendly and it make it so much easier to conduct a meeting without having to travel and meet in person .
I don’t know what it would take to get 5 stars, but hopefully one day we’ll find out
"The CarPlay app just triggers Siri on repeat asking who to call. There is no way to exit this loop. It makes it difficult and dangerous to operate while driving. 

Calling a user with the Zoom app does not call into their meeting. That would be a great feature to have, to take meetings in the car on Zoom

Please fix these issues"
I recently started using Zoom and I’ve been in two conf calls so far that went very well. One involved people in various places across the US and the other had several oversees participants. I was amazed at the way everyone was able to interact. I haven’t learned all of the sharing features yet but it seems like a great app!
Has been so much more dependable than other similar apps. Very easy to use and free! Thank you.
Really disappointing. Every time I open the app I have to log in. Dreading it whenever I get a zoom meeting invite. Otherwise ok.
And it’s accessible, too!
"Zoom works great on my iPad 
It has several features that give it great versatility in several meeting/group situations 
And I've used it extebnsively while traveling or on road trips to remote locations"
Why on earth would you have the volume equalizer on as default? After recording 5 hours of live interviews I now have to go through them all and either pay to have it fixed or adjust the waves of too loud volume and too low volume by myself manually. Just because it’s too loud doesn’t mean I want it to dramatically get quiet. That sounds so stupid.
Something changed from when I first started. About 5 months ago I could jump onto our meeting for working out right from FB. Now I have to go to my app and type in the number. That is also when I was unable to see myself in the small window.
I use this almost daily for work and it’s definitely the best in its class for stability and features. Minor complaints are around UI bits - I swear the floating command bar during screen share is sentient and manages to figure out how to move over and obscure the one thing I need underneath. Would like more control over floating vs. fixed palettes but these are easy to deal with.
Just the best app for video conferencing
I love Zoom super easy to join a conference call.
Very grateful for this app and the service which is fantastic. Tried it out you won’t be sorry.
Chapiadita
This is totally amazing. Zoom has really turned their product around and I love it. Thank you!
Zoom is a wonderful tool for conducting screen share conference calls and the pricing is very reasonable. The features are exceptional and conference call/screen share clarity is amazing!  Thanks for creating a resource that any individual or business can afford and benefit from.
"Zoom is such an amazing tool for your business~ I just got off one that totally met every expectation possible...
Use Zoom today ~ U won’t be sorry ‼️"
This app charges to download.
-
The one and only time I used this a year ago, it worked really well for our purposes. I used in on my iPad Pro. However, there's an update that's been trying to finish but it just keeps going in circles. I'm not sure what's going on. Hope the developer sees this! (2 star will change if this gets resolved. I don't have time to go to another site to explain this all over again. Thanks so much!)
Zoom ha sido y sigue siendo la mejor plataforma para videollamadas. La uso para dar las clases en vivo de mis cursos, para grabar compartiendo pantalla y además para las consultas online con mis alumnas. ¡Me encanta! Muy, muy recomendada. Además que es muy fácil de usar aunque no tengas mucha experiencia. Recomendada 100%
Please fix this app where if your phone locks the app re-dials your phone.
It simply never fails you.
Great times with many people all over the world. Which the meetings would be longer for free members but you can always reopen the room after is close
Everything seems to be working well so far. Originally had an issue with Google sign in but later found I had to use the SSO sign in option instead.
非常棒的视频会议软件
It’s not good but it’s an app so I gave it 3 stars
Love this app, it works so well! I run an online business and couldn’t do it without zoom!
A wonderful way to meet with team when you are not in the same city. Even if you are, you can meet from home or office without dealing with traffic.
See title.
It is really an awesome communication tool in my opinion. Easy to use anytime. Clear in regards to visual and audio aspect. Really really GREAT! More POWER.
Could not log into a meeting using the app, getting errors codes no matter what I did. I emailed support and they just referred me to an article I already read hat was unhelpful which was why I was asking for more support. Then I get a second reply days after the meeting mentioning the article again which is again useless. If you want people to use your product you need to be able to actually help them with their technical difficulties and also in a timely matter.
As a consultant I use other systems daily. My clients use Skype, blue jeans, Webex, google meet and the others. They all break down with simple use cases. Zoom consistently works well across all our platforms (Windows, Linux, Mac) and is very feature rich.
This is a great way to review meetings and communicate.
Keeps crashing and doesn't respond.
Awesome!!!
I really like zoom and have found it very useful for a group meetings, and even one on one. If Wi-Fi is not 100%, zoom gets jerky and the audio cuts out. But that's the same with most other similar apps, and zoom shouldn't get all the blame. I found that FaceTime seems to be more dependable, however it doesn't have all the group meeting options
We use this app for our weekly meetings. I’ve never had any trouble connecting to the call or hearing anyone. My only complaint is that we tend to time out most weeks. There’s no warning it’s just gone. Since I am only a participant of the call not the originator there is no warning get that times about to be up. I find it very frustrating. Could you install a count down timer maybe?  And where can I find information about a paid version that allows unlimited time?
I can login anywhere and attend! Great service and App! 🤗
I am quite pleased with star. Video, and audio are great. I have not had any problems whatsoever.
We test the zoom with IPhone conference Absolutely amazing no issue at all only thing I can see when you join the meeting there’s few pop up for sound how you like   your sound if your out side background noise might interfere while on the speaker rest is excellent👍👍
Zoom is easy to use and highly reliable!
Nothing better than a seamless interaction for an effective meeting... Especially when neither party has to commute. ⚡️
I want to know why is not supported?
Love it
My phone went into black screen and I had to hard reboot! Junk app!
I use Zoom to tutor and I wish there was an option to have different boards/sheets to write on and scroll or swipe through. As it is the whiteboard overlays any pdf that I am sharing and I have to erase that work and start clean. When zooming into an image to write on, the image doesn’t readjust when you zoom out. Other than that, I enjoy the other features.
Really great for connecting with people all around. Others can easily get to a meeting with a link. Great customer service when I had a mix up with rooms at one point. Would recommend it.
Zoom is great. The audio is clear and crisp and the video is the same
Have been a part of several webinars and consultation groups using zoom and have found it flexible and easy to use. I love that it is HIPPA compliant.
Doesn’t work
I love zoom because it is easy to use and still packed with so many great features.
I use zoom for all my online meetings with clients, team, and even family sometimes.
Meetings work great—both sound and image quality is generally very good.  Very easy to navigate.
As a business coach Zoom has been an important tool to staying in touch with clients all over the world.
So far so good.
Thanks for this open connection to allow meetings of many to learn & grow thru this service♥️🙏🏼
Zoom is an amazing tool for video conferencing. It’s sharp image and clear sound are a definite plus. However, every time I sign on to a call there is no audio, I have to quite out of the app 3 or 4 times and relaunch it before the video kicks in. This may be a glitch in the program as it connects to the iPhone app, but whatever it is, the developer needs to fix it.
"This has made it very easy to communicate 
from different places in America and get the greatest word to millions of people about the Kingdom of God.What a blessing!"
Works smoothly and elegant!
Awesome
This application shows up in CarPlay. I use Zoom for meetings but how is it used in CarPlay?
"A 5 min video call consumed about 15% of my battery. Even with an external battery pack plugged in, it consumes power faster than the pack can recharge the phone! This has been a constant theme in my almost 1 year of using Zoom

It’s a shame because other than that, the application really is wonderful to use."
"I have started using Zoom since a month as this is the default service in my company. I was glad that I have loved away from WebEx which has a not so great user interface but what I realized after using the zoom app is that WebEx always worked. 

Zoom mobile app is horrendous. I can't believe they were able to go live with such a product. It freezes like in Antarctica. The buttons don't work. The join button is so small that when you are on the go it's hard to join the meeting. Each step in the app takes a minute before it goes to the next screen. 

It's archaic. Please get your act together as your service affects so many people who don't have control on which alternative they could have used."
"Am very pleased with the zoom app ,I attend ,my zoom meetings each week on this platform, thank you so much for creating this app 

Danette"
I love the way you have explained how to get involved with the Hope movement. I take all of these wonderful products and never want to be without them.
That’s all I can say..... this will help grow your business point blank.
"Zoom works ok, but it chews through a full iPhone battery in a little under an hour compared to over 3 hours for FaceTime.
Have a charge cable handy and a power pack (or two) for long conference calls"
Class, work business and more!!
Updates work well. Thanks for fixing the issue 😊
"Trying to download app
For the last half hour"
Easy to use and a joy to having for meetings
I have been using it for a few years and it has always worked well.  screen sharing, drawing on shared screen, audio only vs audio and video, etc all work well. The only thing I wish it does better is power consumption of Bluetooth earpieces like AirPods. Usually I can go for 4-5 hours on my AirPods when listening but if I am on zoom (or google hangout) even if I am on mute the whole time I drain the battery after about and a half. You would think the app can be a bit smarter about being on mute and switch to the listening-only mode and turnoff microphone.  I understand the microphone can be draining the battery and it may cause temporary interruption or delay when switching mode but I think if you make it an option for the user then many of them such as myself would gladly accept this trade off for not having to replace our Bluetooth earpiece 1.5 hours into our conference call.
It is more personable to see the moderator and participants in a meeting. You learn names/faces. Great way to get useful information!
Our staff uses Zoom everyday for internal meetings and external webinars. It’s the best!
Way too loud on airpods even with volume all the way down and muted mic. Other apps are fine, zoom is not.
The service is not the good and cuts out a lot
"For most of us who have an iPad we use this for everything. Including note taking during meetings. With this app, I can’t do that because this app won’t let me split screen. 
There are lagging issues and connection issues."
Yes
I can’t seem to get audio feeds while I’m seeing the presentation. Tried to put my microphone on and off on privacy settings. Still no solution. Help!!!!
It was easy to switch on to the meeting, but I felt I had to click in too many times which delayed my attendance to the meeting.
If I choose not to have Zoom have access to my camera then it needs to have an option to decline permanently. Do not keep prompting. It is a fine meeting application otherwise.
"Not a fan of how the controls disappear during a call. I have to tap, wait for controls to appear, then tap again for my desired control. 

Not a fan that I can’t run a call from a single screen—have to bounce between screens and frequently pull up windows to manage participants, etc. 

I also can’t change audio options in call. I had started on my iPad in speaker mode but then plugged in headphones but couldn’t get the audio to switch. I had to disconnect audio from the call and restart. 

I wish the app experience was good enough that I didn’t need to use the computer to run calls anymore. But this is not the case. This app is a bandaid, not parity with desktop and certainly not a replacement. Too bad."
In literally every way. Hands down most intuitive design. Can we hire your UX people please.
Using ZOOM for coaching calls has allowed me to connect with my coach in a way that is impossible with audio alone. The simplicity with which we connect is incredible and the calls are recorded so we can always revisit a topic. Two people or many, ZOOM provides a platform for powerfully transformational conversations. 1 code, 1 click simplicity, I LOVE it! 5 Stars for ZOOM!!
This is a great way to have a lesson on line with a personal tutor. It's helpful also to be able to both are the same screen.
I love using this app for quick meetings I have with my non-profit board. Not all of them are tech savvy, and I’ve never had to explain how to use the app... just send out the invite link and voila! We’re able to focus on work without running into any tech snags, which is super important when time is of the essence highly recommend, especially for first time users.
Sensitive to bandwidth limitations, though.  It should monitor connection quality and prompt the user to dial in, instead, when necessarily, provide them with direct dial button for that conference and participant code.
JOSHUA
"Great to hear and to see all participants!
Thank you Zoom!
Together we achieve more."
I can rarely stay connected to the audio in zoom, no matter how many times I disconnect and reconnect or delete and reload the app, the audio rarely works the first time and stays connected through the course of a meeting.  Really, really annoying
CarPlay integration is pretty crap and breaks all sorts of stuff if you plug in your phone while already in a meeting. Instead of presenting simple controls for the meeting it doesn’t do anything.
"Easier to use, more intuitive, cheaper, and less choppy!

I worked for 250M +  company and our entire company has transitioned over."
I joined a meeting and could see the presenters talking but could here nothing. The speakers were not muted. I tried with and with out ear buds. My vol was on and up.
Great for holding long distance meetings with groups of people from various places. I use it often!!
"I LOVE😍Zoom!!! It’s the ultimate best thing I have learned & used in business for the last 3 years. I believed way before my business relationships trusted what it could be. I use it every week on my different business platforms & it keeps me emotionally connected & engaging my clients or partners. ZOOM U take me to the Moon & Back!🌙
Letty Vélez"
"It’s wonderful to be able to connect with teachers, students, or business colleagues from around the world. 🌎

* The Host can control who is allowed access to speak or be seen on camera when only a few are giving a lesson or talk. 😁

* Host can record the session to share with others who are not able to join in live. e.g. Can be shared to Facebook Live 😮

* Access can be given to all participants so that you can see and hear everyone. 💕

* Participants can Raise Hands to ask permission to speak, or type questions or comments in the Chat box. Great way to share ideas! Whether you are in Paris, France, Mexico City, or Northern California, you can join in if you have WiFi. 😊

* If you don’t want to be seen or heard, you can Mute yourself and/or Stop Video. 😎

* Easy! Convenient! Very useful!👏👏👏"
I currently use the program to join into a meeting and just used it for the first time to RUN a meeting.  A VERY intuitive program that allows you to have a more personal meeting with the people you need to connect with.  Excellent APP !!
We use Zoom for everything from weekly team Huddles, to virtual coaching sessions with clients to recording video testimonials. It’s easy to use and reliable!
I enjoyed using Zoom for meetings because of the clarity of the sound and video. I recommend this for video meetings and conferences.
Overall I love the service. Sometimes the VOIP cuts in and out and gets very garbled.
This app is wonderful works easily like a charm.Wish you could pin multiple videos
Great for group meetings.
Hi
Best teleconference app, far better than Skype.  Never had any problem with the video or audio.
Great app
Zoom makes it so easy to conference anyone can do it. Great service thank you
They will take your money and take your money and shut down your account for no reason and delete all your char history and contact data.   They hide behind the ‘violation veil’ without giving any specific reason for doing so.   Don’t fall for the individual or institutional investment with this company.  The have no real user base.  Don’t call for their stats.
Best way to communicate in the internet!
Zoom is a good app, but it’s kinda confusing?.?.? I don’t know, maybe it’s just me... other than that it’s great!!!👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
My meeting was a disaster. I tried to use my PC but I could not navigate between pages to get my ID or password as requested. My participants were on the call but I could not find my way into my own meeting. I finally had to download the app at the suggestion of one of my participants. But then I could not find the speaker phone to hear everyone so my meeting had to be rescheduled to work out the glitches or use another service. I tried the tutorials days earlier but that didn’t help when it was time to apply it to a real meeting.
Does not work when switching from bluetooth to speaker. Need to have it automatically switch to main speaker (not top). Also, it causes my phone to crash constantly. Also, app no longer works.
Zoom is a great tool to keep me connected with others both professionally and personally!
Easy to use and and works well even on Mobile devices.
Until the app has full and usable audio controls, this remains a piece of junk. It needs full settings for what audio to join when you join a meeting, and full control over all audio when you are inside a meeting, and THEY NEED TO WORK. Today I was “muted” in a small conference room, and it wreaked havoc on everyone’s ears when my iPad picked up audio from the phone across the room.
I love using this tool to bring out the synergy in my remote team members!!
Zoom is an excellent stable platform for meetings and communications nationally and internationally. It provides for an effective use of time and resources. The ability to record and share sessions is great. Thanks!!!
It’s greattt
"I love how similar it is to the desktop app. Pretty seamless transition as you pick up your phone and go.

Would love to see a few more features on the mobile app :
-Set your status (away, etc.)
-Be able to switch to phone app from desktop app when in a meeting"
It is very good with meetings,but would be nice if you could record it all
Zoom is by far my favorite online meeting application. Technology can be tedious, even for someone who works in a tech field (like me!), but Zoom provides the most straight-forward option for my client meetings. They can always figure out how to use it, and our meetings thus always start and end on time! Two thumbs up!
This app is terrible. There is no sound regardless of what was tried
It’s a perfect way to keep up with my Gemini family.
Works very well
Zoom is so easy to use and has all the tools you need to have effective 2 way communication while remotely attending meetings and discussion.
Nice love working with this system
There are many times when I’m watching these zoom videos but I cannot hear what’s going on and I missed the presentation. Poor service or dares technical difficulty I have no idea
Love the App - simple to use - simple to have multiple people - simple to invite and screen share.  It has changed how I do business.
Zoom es una aplicación excelente para educarnos a la distancia o simplemente trabajar por medio de conferencias de mucha utilidad para mi la uso 2 veces al día de lunes a viernes.
My team use zoom on a hourly bases! It’s been a blessing and I’m thankful for the creators!
First time using zoom . Joined a meeting in progress. Good video, occasional audio anomalies, but overall good. One issue: lack of control. I cannot tell whether my camera or audio are active. There should be positive confirmation at all times whether a/v is on or off. This is a privacy and professionalism issue. This was with the iPad Pro app on a Wifi network.
I could not get Q&A to on zoom
Hello  why the meeting has problem error code 100000403
Most of the time Zoom is great but every now and then it ‘freezes up’.  For the most part though the video and audio quality is very good and it provides a very good way to stay connected with your group, even around the world!
Best way to bring people together.  Open to not only hear but to see and share information.  Awesome sauce is ZOOM.
It would be awesome if the limit of ppl to join a live webinar was more than 500. Overall still a great app!
Taking your money.
The whiteboard worked once and now I can’t write on it anymore.
Would want to click on their screen name linked to their camera screen on app instead of scrolling and looking for 100 folks on app
Better than Skype or FaceTime as far as delays in transmission.  However,  I wish it could be better, because I do still lose words during conversations.
I use zoom to record my morning radio show and it is amazing no dropped calls and no lag we do one everyday for 2 hours and it is fun. I trust zoom and you should too
However, the interface is boring but voice and video connection are very stable
Tastes great, less filling!
"Very perfect for small medium and large scale conferencing.

Thank you. Zoom.us"
Great zoom!! Very helpful information. Can’t wait to get thee forms and get started!!
The meet and chat tab is never what I want. I just want my calendar front and center.
Love the Zoom app and it allows me to handle meetings while on the road. Awesome app!
I belong to a chat room for day trading. It is important to receive chat messages in a timely manner when trading.  It would be nice to have the option to hear a sound when the moderator posts a message in the chat and also to be able to color code the moderator’s messages to find them quickly. Currently there is no way to do this and all requests from me and many others have fallen on deaf ears at Zoom.  Seems like a simple fix.. yet they haven’t done anything.. going on a year now since they said they would look into it. Also, the chat window is too bright.  Would be nice to be able to adjust the background color of the chat.
Let's use it and see
"谈不上评论，知道自己的份量。
   高科技在生活中应用，是不错的享受。
   建议为儿女不在身边的老人，进行专项服务
收点钱也是可以接受的。"
What’s up with this out? Why can’t research on specific screen names, Why doesn’t allow us a history of who we chatted with?
Used it for the first time.  Was a great app until it wouldn’t let me unmute on an interview.  I probably could’ve figured it out but wasn’t given any time.
"- Does not support multi-tasking
- When using an external keyboard and you use the Q/A function, the typing field disappears. You can disconnect the keyboard and the field comes back but it’s an odd frustrating bug. 
- Chat only shows up dead center of the presentation instead of off to the side so you can keep an eye on chat as the presenter presents"
Love having up to 100 trainees connect for training
Great app
Awesome tool for communication with a large group
I can’t open any meeting ... WHY
Leave meeting. The meeting has error. 1132. Every time now. Lame!!  Nothing works
Great app... Other than I need the whiteboard on iPhone. I just switched from an Android phone (5 inch screen) to an iPhone (5.5 inch screen). The whiteboard is available on my smaller Android screen but not the bigger iPhone! Enable it, please. For what I'm doing the iPhone size is perfect. Otherwise I'll be stuck using the (smaller) Android phone via (slow) WiFi.
ZOOM is easy to use and creates a meeting environment that closely simulates an “in person” meeting.
Used for school orientation. Easy and fast to use. Great features!
Let’s all just zoom
Love it , easy to use and add others to the conversation. Complete thumbs up
I like it a lot!!
Title says it all. That's my dream.
5-stars if they supported vanity URLs
Marvel at this great technology!
I am saying Awesome
This is amazing, especially if you are a small business owner and need to connect with your team or customers.
The app unmuted me during the call. Not sure how but it happened.
"Zoom is not good to use unless you have no other option. 
Poor connection people get kicked out of your meeting it’s very frustrating. I do not recommend paying for zoom it’s a waste of money. I suggest Google hangouts. If you have over 10 people you may have to use zoom but I suggest looking for other options and don’t waste your time or money."
Easy to use, good quality videoconferencing.
My Department has been using the software for free to join a meeting outside of the institution. Everyone likes Zoom so much that we purchased our own license. It has freed us from the poorly supported often not working teleconference rooms we used to have to book. I wish I could give Zoom more than 5 stars. It’s that good!
My favorite meeting place
Terrible sound even with both phones in full volume
It’s a great continuous experience for me through zoom. I am connected to my spiritual community through zoom, I am using every day for four months, never got disappointed. Three cheers to its makers.
Very convenient, easy to work with no glitches
Such a great way to connect for school when classmates are states away. Love it !
I use Zoom all of my meeting needs; personal and professional. It is convenient to use, setting it and joining meetings is easy.  What I love is that attendees are not required to have an account of their own to participant in my meetings.
"It is very useful to view/join meeting from anywhere. No issues with audio and shared content. 

But it is causing battery to drain faster...really fast when you view shared contents. From 80% to 20% in 15 min. My battery doesn’t show any issue without zoom app opened. 
It’ll be better to fix it for phone app..."
Need I say more?
I use it frequently for online groups and love it
As an Emotional Freedom coach and an Inner Child Advocate with Your Strongest Life I’ve been using Zoom for about a year doing one-on-one and group sessions.  I love it!!  Im able to connect with people all over the world in a visual and connected way as if they are sitting in the next room and record them too.  Its a wonderful tool.  I tell everyone about it!
Zoom is wonderful for our class of 55. Love it
Zoom enabled me to be connected world-wide. Advisable for professional meetings in addition to friendly contacts👌🏽
unable to join due to too many participants
I love this app!
Makes communicating with my team easy. Great company, great app.
I HATE THIS FREAKING APP SO MUCHHH🔨🔨🔨🔨🔨 ITS UR FAULT MY WEEKENDS ARE RUINED. I HOPE THIS APP GETS DELETED FOREVER 🤬🤬🤬🤬
"In theory this app and service is a great idea but in practice the execution horrible and is completely unreliable.

I’m a mobile developer and in many situations My colleagues and I are forced to use Zoom to run our product demos. Since we are demoing our apps we want to screen share the app as we would do with any Air Play technology.

That’s where this falls apart. As a straight Air Play replacement, this tech is a huge fail. Connections constantly drop and there is an unbearable amount of latency between the presenting and display devices. You’re way better off using a regular old Apple TV which is steady and reliable.

Trying to use the mobile app while joining a meeting is another nightmare. The mobile app cannot maintain connection as people are joining and leaving the call. We’ve tested in different rooms with above average network quality and the ceiling seems to be “average performance at best”.

So where does this leave us? With botched demos that frustrate developers and audience members. Nothing is worse than being unable to show off work you’re proud of because your presentation equipment is letting you down.

For our org it might be too late as our company has bought in 100% into this tech which is probably way more complicated and complex than a standard Apple TV set up and nowhere near as reliable. If you have a chance to avoid this, please do so."
I love zoom it works amazingly and there are no ads! I do outschool classes and we video chat on zoom! It’s great fun.
"WHY can’t I chat in IMs AND be on a meeting at the same time? It drives me nuts.

Also, if I read a message and mark it as unread, then I review the chats on my computer, the message doesn’t appear as unread there, only on my phone. 

Everything else is meh."
"The app asks permission to use your camera during a meeting. The only possible responses is “Yes.”  And if you don’t click yes the app won’t let you in the meeting.  That’s not acceptable. 

If Zoom wants a better rating then it needs to allow me the option of saying no and maintaining my privacy."
A really convenient way for my coworkers and I go gather in meetings. Highly recommend for anyone in a cross-national business situation!
I tried to listen & watch a live webinar.  This is the first time Using zoom and I experienced so many disruptions from the chat bubbles popping up in front of the information.  There was no way to pop the bubbles or opt out of the wasteful messaging between other viewers.  I wanted to watch & listen to an educational webinar, but was interrupted by Facebook type of dialogue.  Again, other webinars from different apps have never given me these disruptions.
Zoom is a great way to teach from
"Thorough ness in Action Y’all.
Love it up!’"
Love this platform! Have it on my computer and my iPhone and it's super easy to use for personal and business meetings - even one on one. Can't wait to try the fun backgrounds!
I used Zoom often for meeting and it works great from me and my participants. The one feature it’s sorely missing is split screen for the iPad Pro.  I’d love to be able to participate in my Zoom meeting while on the other screen taking meeting notes.
Zoom is great
This application is still filled with bugs.  It will consistently time out and disconnect from meetings.  Reconnecting is a pain.  Very frustrating and useless when this happens.
An incredible tool for business marketing and communication. Best way to access webinars offerings
Zoom is a bloated piece of software that forces you to take numerous steps just to get a conference call number, to host a conference call. It is entirely cumbersome and over complicated, compared to the other services in the market for conference calls. I’d like to convince my company to quit using this because it takes up a massive part of my day just to schedule conference calls and get a conference call number.
Great app! Easy to download. Easy to use.  Has opened so many business opportunities. The reception is great majority of time. Occasional glitches but nothing major. Clearing and I love that we can have multiple people in a call.
I’m not a tech wizard, so I need a video conference platform that is reliably easy to use. Zoom was that platform in my recent experience.
Love to have the opportunity to have business meetings with my business partners on zoom but I dislike how much it drains my battery. Thank you for having this convenient app available.
Dislike having to tap the screen to see mute and video status.
Love this app. No matter what type of computer, cell phone or tablet you may have, you can communicate with everybody. I’ve had group calls with people from all over Europe, the states and Australia all at the same time. And we did not have to pay anything. Thank you for such a great app.
When I attempt to send a question to the host of the meeting I get drop from the Q and A before I get it sent/asked. Happens on I pad and I phone. Very frustrating. Pisses me off to the point I want to throw my phone. Is anyone else having this same problem???
It’s so amazing! Sharing God word to individuals not in the room with you is soooo powerful. Thank you Zoom
I can’t ask questions. Zoom has not been able to help me. This feature is critical.
Excellent from iPhone iPad etc definitely a great way to have the best business conferences etc
Just not what I needed. Too difficult to understand
"This is hands down the easiest to use and highest quality Unified Communications... video, voice, content sharing application I have ever seen. 

Zoom even allows you to use iPads for conference room controllers for free! Goodbye Hard to use expensive paperweights in my conference rooms!

Thank you Zoom!!!! Don’t change."
"It’s great for youth group meeting, work calls, and just group family chat!
A few complaint:
Slow, if you accidentally leave it’s hard to get back on, if you mute your self you can not unmute your self

Good things:
Great picture!!,wonderful sound!!,
On one mode you can see  everyone that is on the chat!!, and last but not least best thing about it is........everyone can download the app or look it up quick!!(for younger people you will need parents help to set it up!!! 
Great app totally recommend it!!!!!
👍🏻👍🏻"
Great platform & happy to use it from my iPhone for greater mobility... I would only use the computer version if I am hosting. More companies are moving to train & collaborate on video based conferencing to deepen communication. 7% - written word; 38% - voice; 55% - in person/body language.
God has been wonderful to us in HOREMOW. With the Zoom app, we meet and have our prayer meeting and Bible study with up to 80 people. Zoom is a great app. I recommend it.
We love Zoom as a tool for bible study.  We have team members from all over, from Oakland Ca. to Baltimore Md. down to the Carolinas.
I think it’s really good. It’s great to host meetings. Super clear!
I can’t figure out how to use it
We used Zoom live for our conference call for our business #WFG! Training live! Different states with our agents especially our clients in different states thanks Zoom 👍🤘
Zoom does a good job! It’s usually reliable and provides a decent amount of options. The downsides are that it can be buggy at times, the sound quality is never very good and it is a little bit slow, but overall it’s a good system!
I use Microsoft email and from my iPhone it doesn’t sync with my address contact to schedule a conf call or meeting.
I have been using this app to communicate back-and-forth with my customer as she is not in the area. We are able to look over the job piece by piece to make sure my customers completely satisfied. The only negative about this application would be the draw on the battery but as long as you have it plugged in with a long enough cord you should not have any issues. Great app and I highly recommend it.
I am in a MLM and we use zoom for meetings. I love that I can attend a meeting that my upline in another state is leading but I am benefiting in real time.
A zoom user for many years, I’m very very pleased with the platform, service, & customer support. It’s a video conferencing program that meets my needs both professionally and personally.
"I’m so happy to use this app to connect with family, friends and business. It makes communicating so much more personal and easy, once you learn how to use this app. I find  there’s no substitute, as conventional ‘audio-only’ conference calls no longer are as satisfying, and feel more arduous. 
Conference calls simply do not compare to Zoom."
Love this app. I rarely ever have issues with call quality or sound
so cool
A button where the speaker can mute all calls during the presentations needs to be installed, will assist all presenters and those individuals on the calls.
Zoom is amazing! It is transformed my life, and career in terms of being able to do zoom magic and speaking presentations for potential clients. I think it is a wonder, and a revelation. Thank you Zoom!
A brief couple of spots the speaker sounded like he was underwater, otherwise, perfect, as always. 🙂
I love Zoom’s gift of access to the groups I belong to. Without Zoom, I would have a smaller, more closed life.
Nothing can compare to this app. Simply put! It works and unlimited amount of features  am studying Kabbalah with BB Kabbalah.info and we asked for so much new features and they always provided with upmost professionalism and customer care! Just an unbelievably company! Thank you Zoom!!! Y’all are the top of the top of the most ever!
Unable to connect
We love zoom.  It is great to communicate as a high functioning real estate team.
Eric is a complete boss, don’t waste your time with Google or anything else. Zoom FTW.
Are use Zoom when I’m working with clients all over the world. I’ve started out many years ago using Skype which I didn’t find very reliable… Then I used FaceTime messenger which I found a lot better than Skype…And now I am using Zoom which is the best I’ve experienced so far!
I can record video but no audio. For remote classes and teaching would be convenient
Terrible! Won’t let me sign in to webinars that I have preregistered for. Asks for a non-existent password. Very irritating!
I love how easy it is to connect with others all over the country. Wonderful!
Zoom is providing a top notch video conference system with all the bells and whistles, all economically and with a product they can be proud.  Video conferencing is not an easy task. Zoom has met the challenge, and performs above and beyond most other video conference systems!
This is most useful app helping my work more efficient
I specialize in virtual exchange for education and have moved 90% of my work to Zoom- aiming for 100%! It is, hands down, the best tool out there. The clarity of sound and picture is extraordinary and it has all the features that I need to conduct meetings and projects across the globe. I love it.
Loved using zoom for the first time. We had 6 people in our meeting.  Each could mute audio or video to accommodate working from home with others present. Looking to learn more about zoom’s use.
"I live half way across the world, but I can be in a classroom in the U.S. in “real-time” with hardly any interruptions in service.
If we do experience interruptions, it is not due to Zoom, but it is due to our own internet speed and service in our country. Thank you for a wonderful service to people everywhere in the world!"
Awesome app! Very convenient. Definitely recommend.
To hard to understand
Zoom is very easy to use. So far it never crashed. The voice and video quality is amazing. I also like the scheduling feature and reminders.
Well executed piece of Technology. Works all the time and handles connection problems like a pro. Wide variety of sharing desktop tools and options. Simply the best professional video conference tool out there among the ones i have tried (i am a 20 yr IT professional)
This platform is good for standard meetings and presentations, would like to see an auto translation program so the translations can be conducted during the meeting, separate link to the translation but same meeting place
They close accounts without any notice or reasons.
I’ve been doing video teleconferencing for more than twenty years have never before used an app that has the features that Zoom has, is as easy to learn and use, and is as reasonably priced as Zoom.  The video and audio quality is crystal clear.  The ability for participants to simultaneously mark up a whiteboard or presentation is great for collaborating.  Perhaps the best feature is that it is so stable and doesn’t seem to consume the bandwidth that other VTC apps do.  I recommend you try it.  I am confident you will like it, especially if your team spans the globe.
I found a very important webinar I NEVER want to miss... thank you ZOOM!!!!
This was great and have a safe trip around the country!!!
Wow this is soooo convenient, especially when you have kids. Eliminates travel time, perfect for multitaskers, and accessible from anywhere. I love this. It’s my new best friend.
The meeting ID thing is confusing and very inconvenient. Tech support takes forever. Hate this app!
After switching from WebEx, zoom has been a pleasant experience. I enjoyed the service overall, and the iPhone app is pretty good.
Ease of use!! Press open and no logging in, I’m there in the Webinar!! Excellent quality!!
It is an excellent way to connect to my daughter in Texas. We love Zoom👌
Just like anything on people who are not tech savvy hard to get through.
"I use this app to make disciples of Jesus Christ around the World! This is a great app for video calls. 

JorgePina.org"
I love Zoom’s ease of use for scheduling, for meetings and for recording. The free version works wonderfully, and I’ve used the paid version previously - and should probably upgrade so I can have longer meetings! Great product!
Can’t listen to video being shared via screen capture and video is way to choppy.
"It’s great being able to participate in a Zoom on my iPad.  It’s an essential part of my job at this point, and as more of my work shifts to the iPad over time, I’m glad to have it present in that environment.
However, the app seems to be lagging behind in some key respects: it doesn’t support modern iPad screen sizes/resolutions, it doesn’t support split view or slide over for multi-tasking, and when you switch to another app your own camera feed is cut off completely.
If these issues could be resolved, I’d be ecstatic!  Please continue to invest in this app on iPad."
Thank you for this wonderful service. Zoom has really helped our committee work. We can be in different locations and still have the added connection of seeing. Such a wonderful alternative to conference calls :)
جيد
The best app ever
Dope.
"The best and easiest way to do business globally. 
This app makes it so easy to communicate."
I joined a couple of different meetings with zoom and no problems. Clear and interactive.
Terrible.  Don’t waste your time.  I hope these guys go under, and soon.
Ver Clear visually and auditory. Can’t say enough
This app is a extremely very excellent 1. No complaints at all.
Pretty good product, a little spotty - not into the trend of pop ups asking for a review of the app - it interferes with the user exp. Consider this my review!
Works every time...
Can’t even use this app
"I’ve been ‘invited’ to two Zoom meetings, which come with the promise of the meetings being available after the love meeting has ended. This is NOT the case. There doesn’t seem to be any way to get into contact with Zoom to figure out their app either. 
I will no longer accept meetings on this app."
"Started using use as a participant for our team meetings. Opened my own account and have used it for training and presentations to prospects utilizing the screen share. 

I like the fact that the host can mute callers. Chat individually with participants and on my iPhone I can choose a virtual background 👍🏽
I didn’t try the white board, but have seen it used. 

The only reason that I didn’t give 5 stars was when I tried to show a video it just kept buffering and didn’t play. Also you are depending on participants to enter their name. There is no caller ID. I had a participant that I don’t know who she/he was."
I use this app every single week and it works awesome! Haven't had any problems at all with it! I love it!
Erwin by
Way easier to use than Skype. Wish we had it at work.
Meeting went well except for leader who we couldn’t hear and she had to get on her phone while we simultaneously viewed her on the screen. One or two people froze once but we were able to quickly get them back. Good to have the visual contact while talking.
My school district is currently using Zoom in order to conduct after school meetings with the technology integration specialists. Most of these TIS employees, are also teachers. The digital capabilities of this app and program, allow teachers to participate from their classrooms, their cell phones, or other electronics devices. It enables a large group to assemble and meet in engaging discussions without the time restraints that and in person, face-to-face, meeting would require.
I do love zoom and use it a lot. I almost gave it a 5. However there ate often small audio lags or glitches. I’m sure it will get better over time. The video quality is usually very good.
"I love a lot of things about Zoom and mostly I love how they keep working to make it better and adding beneficial things as well as education. 
I do sometimes get frustrated when an audio issue causes me and a client to interrupt our session forcing a restart to the application. It hasn’t happened this week yet so I am encouraged. Great stuff, Zoom; I have high hopes for you. Keep up the good work!"
I am enjoying the ease and personal touch that this app offers. Because we are able to see each other and talk we can accomplish a lot.
I have had 100% success with Zoom (6 months) until today.  Don’t know what happened. Not internet connection.  But, thankfully was able to live from computer to iPhone.  iPhone Zoom app  was not working properly. I imagine Zoom with follow up.
Easy to use and perfect for online school
Too much background noise
Zoom has deleted my account for so called violation of policy or use. I sent correspondence and have yet to get any response. I asked for some sort of evidence or proof and from what source(s) it was obtained. All contacts and files chat room history and information on the account is inaccessible and I assume has been deleted. This is an arbitrary way of cleaning up their act I suppose, however after reading the policy and rules of use I have to disagree with their findings until shown proof of exactly what violation and what rule. Where did they obtain it. Were my personal files and information reviewed? Is there any necessary permissions I gave when signing up and agreeing to said policy? Apparently this company or app developer can pick and choose freedom of choice speech and expression as they see fit and are going about forcing a standard or self interpreted level of freedom on their customers. Who do actually pay to use the app/site!  Let’s see if I’ll get a response!
Mi Adoración
"I updated latest zoom app and joined in meeting. Meeting went for 2.30 hrs.
1. I locked  screen Bec I am not interested in screen sharing content. But device is keep getting unlocked. And display get On very often. Device got super Hot.
2. Background activity  was 58%.
Later.My mobile got completely turned off for 24 hours. Not able turn on. After 24 hrs it's started working. Scared to use zoom app now."
LOVE IT!
Very Good!!!
I do not recommend this app.
Great service!
Awesome app to connect with others from anywhere
Thank you
The darn thing decided to update AS I’M JOINING A MEETING! There needs to be a “not now feature”
I love the GroupMe because the team is able to talk about food, nutrition, and fitness ! We hold each other accountable by videoing our workouts each night! It’s more difficult to cheat on food and exercise now!
I have no audio. I troubleshooted all internet suggestions and checked all phone settings. Problem started after update.
The features offered are great, but the quality of the video calls needs a lot of work.
An excellent interface for a life changing Zoom program opening up your working relationships and space to include the entire planet. I use this for working sessions and meetings absolutely anywhere, and speak daily across four continents with full video and file sharing and screen sharing and lots more!
Loving the phone part so far!
No info on how to get material into app.  COLLABORATE where are you when I need you!
If you accidentally open, you cannot close/get out.  Is this supposed to be clever ?
Love this app, easy to use!
Thanks
Works great, very useful for communicating between small groups. The fifth person gets regulated to the next screen which is strange but we can still here them
It’s not obvious how to get the video to work from my iPhone. I can see the meeting, but people cannot see me. People could for a few seconds then my picture went blank.
"As others echo, audio is horrid in Zoom. That’s a bigger issue, and most severe in/on clients in conference rooms. 

Second, it’s 2019. The iPad app should do multitasking with a small window. 

Third (sorry), the CarPlay app is useless. Allow me to join meetings. Not call people."
"this app causes audio in other apps to
be low.. even if i join a meeting and do not connect to audio, it still causes the audio on other apps, like instagram, to be low until i close zoom completely"
I love the ease and convenience of Zoom!
"Zoom has great privacy settings and unambiguous labeling of buttons — unlike things like GoToMeeting, where you can’t actually tell if your camera is enabled or disabled, for example. But that aside, Zoom is an unfortunate bandwidth hog. If you are on a typical 3G or even LTE connection in many parts of the world, Zoom simply wont work. Your call will constantly be dropped and reconnected. And since the whole point of having a conference call is a discussion, Zoom is pretty pointless. I’ve tested and tried pretty much every TC out there, and Zoom is hands down the worst for reliable connectivity. 

Having an option to disable OTHER video streams might help. Or maybe a ground up rearchitecture built for speed? Whatever, Zoom needs some serious help. Oh, and dont lock your phone screen either. That’s likely to disconnect your call, too. Great."
ブレークアウトルームの機能をもっと使いこなしたい。
When I log in it takes me to the home page and then kicks me out and says, “Your token has expired. You need to sign in again” and it keeps saying this every time I try to sign in.
Why is Zoom not working
"I’m forced to use this horrible app for group guitar lessons 3 days a week. Last night yet again we had more issues with sound being overly compressed,.. thin, tinny and drop outs.  

⅓ the bandwidth of a lower quality MP3 is absolutely unacceptable. Tens of Thousands of users for the largest online guitar video instruction site, and Zoom refuses to address this issue.  I think it’s time other vendors get an RFP, i have no qualms recommending alternatives.

At a minimum Zoom devs could do themselves and their business a big favor by supporting Audiobus, AU Units (available on iOS and Mac)  

This would allow apps created with quality audio in mind to process it to the users discretions and patch quality audio tight into Zoom to be streamed. It might even address synchronization issues by offloading processing to external apps rather than forcing us to use device level audio or severely clip high bandwidth professional microphone audio."
Great way to work face to face with people over the miles... everyone saves time and increases productivity...
I like the zoom app. I have to use it for class, but it’s pretty limited on iOS. Because I use my iPad to take notes for my class, I have to refer to them during my class meetings. However, I can’t do seem to do that (or, if I can, let me know how). There doesn’t seem to be a way to open something like OneNote without freezing Zoom and stopping my video. There’s an option to minimize video, and I thought this would create a kind of floating screen on the iPad as I moved from app to app, but that’s not the case. So, the app is fine if you’re just using this app and not others simultaneously. I will say that zoom on a desktop is a nice experience and functions the way that I want. I just wish I could be a little more mobile with it.
I’ve been using Zoom as an attendee, for several weeks. I like the interface. It seems to need more bandwidth than other video chat apps like Facebook messenger, but I suppose it’s because of the recording capabilities. I just realized that the reason I wasn’t able to turn my video off was the I had inadvertently set it up to “safe driving” mode.
Works sometimes
Zoom is Great Idea experience to share with our Network and Other Ideal Theme.
This is an amazing app, it allows my business partners and I  to have very meaningful meetings that often help with out business. But sometimes, it won’t allow my business partners and I to start a new meeting. Other times it will freeze the entire meeting and we all will have to leave. Other than the defects it is a amazing app.
Excellent meeting tool
100% a legit🤚🏽🌟
Getting better by the day
This is brilliant!!
Nice app. Works smoothly
It has been great being able to use an app that  freeze.
"I really couldn’t expect a better meeting / presentation solution for a phone.

But WHAT is going on with the CarPlay app?!  That was the main reason I wanted to get it on my phone but it is completely useless!"
App shows microphone to be muted but is is not.
Being hacked
I’ve been with Zoom since 2014 and each version that comes out is better than the last. Having a background in development, I know that is not an easy task to satisfy everyone, but for the most part this app does. Pretty amazing stuff, folks. Keep it up!
Sec
Excellent app, but with no split screen it’s awkward to take notes in an external app like OneNote.
Business is so much easier with this!!!
This app has such potential to save time and money for people who meet across county, region, or state lines. Looking forward to creating more regular meetings.
Zoom is easy to use, and very user friendly. I’ve had a great time using it for my weekly meetings.
If the zoom app supports PIP view so that I can view the presentation video while working on another app on the iPad pro that would be super awesome!
This app is great and has proven to be very useful to our educational organization! However, I do wish that in future the developers/engineers have their sights set on allowing the ‘Remote Support’ feature to somehow be integrated into the iOS/Mac devices from other machines. (From a development standpoint I know how sticky this can be, but look forward to this to further help our end-users in the future!)
Works well for conferences, but should support standard iPad features like split view. I want zoom running so I can see it, while I have an app for taking notes open on the side, in split view.
Zoom is a good app for meetings
Use it all the time and the reliability is ridiculous, no thinking required. —- Just start a meeting then I see everyone’s screen, face, and quickly get to work.
I can’t hear my meeting. what am I doing wrong?
"Zoom is very difficult to manage personalization to your profile. I’ve uploaded a picture and there is absolutely no prompt to remove it. I’ve spent the last 45 minutes trying to find it and no luck. 
There is no option to manage my picture during a zoom meeting-they see my profile picture and live video. How embarrassing to have my corporate officers see this during our meeting. 
Is there anyone who can help me????
K B"
It’s useful, haven’t found something this good elsewhere yet
When I went to join a meeting it had me call a number. Meeting went fine, but i was charged international minutes because the number was in germany. No disclaimer or warning at all. Expensive mistake.
Both on the iPhone and iPad if you login with google it gets stuck in a loop where it asks you to login and instead of going back into the app logged in it just logs in in the pop up and never puts you back to the app. Can’t login and host any meeting at this point
There are so many times when the meeting ID is not needed then it is needed. Complicated because at times it doesn’t work. I’VE BEEN LOCKED OUT AFTER TOO MANY ATTEMPTS. AFTER I TRIED TO RESET MY PASSWORD. Unable to find customer service to help.
"This is not easy for everyone to catch on to.
It’s very hard for us to understand."
⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
Great app for big on camera meetings!
"For personal use you should give option like google meeting. 
It suppose to be free N no of users and time instead of limit it. 

Use less bandwidth and auto join to app instead of opening the safari then app. 
Auto join as meeting drop off by connection. As soon as connection is back it suppose to back online."
Zero rating due to issues connecting and no assistance with the app
"Stupid program. Got invited to meeting and joined from my phone while out in field. Was 10 minutes before someone texted me saying everyone could see me. I didnt even know it had video because i was watching presenters screen. This should be defaulted off.

Thank you for the embarrassment!!!"
Host
Cannot get out. No video, no audio, only chat
Zoom is awesome! It’s easy to use set up and conducive to my meetings. I highly recommend Zoom to anyone whether in business or life coaching. Zoom has everything! See you there ... let’s keep soaring
Very practical recommend it to everyone interested in sharing their ideas especially if you have a small to large group you wish to keep updated!
I have had terrible luck with calling in the audio. Video calls are great if you’re on WiFi. Otherwise it’s spotty
If I have my iPhone in hand, the app works as I would expect. The CarPlay interaction needs work. Ideally, I can view upcoming meetings in CarPlay and call into a meeting with one touch. Can you make this happen, please??
This is a great app for meetings. Honestly I wish discord had the safe driving mode as I spend more time listening than talking, I just wish I could look back at the chat log after my meeting was over.
fix bug
This purchase was an accident!! I need a refund !!!
Couldn’t open the app also the support app not opening at all
I spend my days in zoom. It’s well done and it is a powerful tool. Thank you!
It would appear that someone is using your platform to hack into other peoples computers and install bugs and steel media
I hate zoom with a fiery passion.
I love how easy it is to use the app. I can see & hear others perfectly! Great way to connect professionally & personally! Thank you!
I was able to use zoom to record a video cast of a class session I was hosting.  This worked great twice, and then after about 25-30 failed attempts to get this to work again, I had to throw in the towel!  I could get it to record audio, but not to visual of the shared screen materials...So frustrating!!
Great way to stay connected a must have app!!!!
I think this app is good for you to use if you are homeschooled
THIS IS THE BEST APP EVER
Very useful application, though it does not save your password. Even though you can receive Zoom messages through the notifications without logging in. When you go to respond you are prompted to log in.
You can call out from your CarPlay unit, but you can’t join a conference. So instead you have to keep looking down to your phone to hit the button to speak, rather than being able to use the CarPlay interface...why?
Thank you Zoom for providing a window to the world for one who can’t physically get out there
I like the app and for the most part it works well on an iPad but it’s difficult to see comments because they disappear so quickly.  I’d also like to know how to upgrade with out starting over? Thanks
Love it
Downloaded and used for a meeting and was immediately connected and able to use features
Worst customer service ever, money hungry pigs. Save yourself the trouble and use FaceTime.
I walked to my kitchen and video was lost, saying something like Safe Driving Mode. Lol. Walking 10 feet appears like a car in motion?  I found no way to get video back but leave webinar then come back.
The conference app has poor resolution and voice quality. The phone app often dies. Not a choice to replace Cisco.
"Found site end user friendly. 
Thank you"
Great applications for job and talking in group.
Glorious!
My business has lots of online group meetings and this is perfect for my needs
To trying two tyfttffyttytttttttttttfttttttttftftttytttffyftfvuccgu if xxxxyfxtxxxxxxxzfxxxyfxxxxxxftfxyxtyxxxxxxxxzxtxzxttz; was xxxxxxxx🎆🌁🖥🗜🕎🕎✝️✝️💝💝💚✝️💕💚📬🗞📥📯📋📫📭🤫📯😀😷📯😀🌈😷🖕🏿😷😀🙂🏧
I cannot find a way to sign out of Zoom without deleting the app and downloading it every time I want to use it ..which fortunately is rare.  We use it at work, I hate it there, too... but it seems more annoying as an app because I can't get myself logged out of it. Please fix this oversight!
No tax
My Tap yo Speak button was showing that I was muted, but in fact I was not and I spoke over the meeting. This feature is buggy.
Bring back the ability to keep listening to a meeting even if the screen is turned off or when doing a soft close on the app to tend to something else.
I began the set up of this app and it requires me to accept their terms of use.  Yet, when I tried to view the terms of use, nothing came up.  I especially wanted to see the "acceptable use policy" in light of the censorship going on with  You Tube, Facebook, Twitter and others. This too, did not come up.  I hesitate to agree to terms of use that are not displayed.  I can't in all conscience agree to the terms and therefore find this app unacceptable.
No help - nothing obvious - tired of fooling around with this piece of crap
Houseparty is way better
I wanted to attach my sm7b mic to be able to have clearer audio within zoom. On my laptop I’m able to select which mic to use. On the IOS app I am not. Nonfunctional for my purposes.
Love it
congratulations
Signing up is stupidly complicated
👍cool baby!
Didn’t like changes in the update version at all I wish I never updated zoom
Poor update. Limited photos to be shared and unordered on zoom. It only allows you to check about 9 photos and not in order. Do not update until this bug is fixed.
"Lowering down my review to 1 star, support rep is useless, asking me random
questions once a week, and things that I have provided in my initial request. Still the issue not resolved.

I have disabled audio and video when joining the call on mobile but yet everytime I join a meeting from mobile it’s an awkward moment trying to disable audio and video!

It happens consistently when I click on zoom meeting link from my mobile calendar invite. 

Another issue when you disconnect from wifi it takes quite long to connect to your mobile data."
So I have been using this to video chat with my friends and it's great!i love the fact that you can use GIFs while chatting and it's really fun.I think that it's overall a pretty good app and i have been very satisfied using it.i haven't found any problems yet,so thanks!
Several audio-disconnects and possible visual connectivity of host
I had signed up for an update product roll-out from “3D Anatomy” but didn’t realize that it would require “Zoom” for me to participate. It literally took me less than 5 minutes to find it on the App Store, download, install, sign-up, verify and join the meeting. It was such a pleasure to work with an app so well designed and simple to use. I look forward to hosting my next online meeting with zoom. The online possibilities for collaboration as well as the dissemination of Information are expanded with this brilliant product. Kudos to the engineers!!!
This is a great video conferencing software.
Love it
"App is great for participating in calls away from the office but it’s a bit clunky. 

Participating in webinar today, 
1) I was interrupted by a phone call, put webinar on hold and switched back but when I thought I was hanging up the phone call, I left the meeting. (My user error but there was no easy way to get back into the meeting. ) 
2) there were many good comments being shared in the webinar’s chat and Q&A but there was no way to select the text and copy it so when I “left” the webinar, i had no way of save the text for reading later. (I took multiple screen shots but that is not a workable solution for me. ) 
3) before the webinar started and while waiting for the host, I had no way of knowing if I was going to be entering it with mic and camera on until it started ( it turned out it was being run through Zoom’s webinars format so only the speakers were visible and all participated were muted.) A preview of how your entering the meeting/webinar would be helpful especially when in noisy areas. 
#2 is an issue with Zoom meetings, too."
With the latest update the dial in feature no longer works properly. There are now 6 seconds between the meeting id and the attendee id - the gap is too long and the meeting just joins without the attendee id being included in the meeting. This is a problem as the audio does not connect and identify with the video to pair you with your own video and properly identify you. Instead it just shows a phone number has joined the meeting. Please fix this or give the ability to configure the dial in. This is on iPhone iOS 12.2 and zoom app 4.4.0 (52578.0415)
Got a private link. Either need to find a way to share the url with phone or have to type it in a browser. No way to type out the one thousand character url. Go2Meeting/Go2Webinar is much better.
I’m a CART Captioner and I use Zoom to screen share. It works great. I haven’t had any problems. Thanks Zoom! 👏🏼👏🏼
Zoom is a great way to speak to a group and get great feedback. I will recommend this app to everyone who is a business owner.
"Every time I open web browser on my iPhone, last ended zoom meeting widow pops up and connects me in to meeting.

I every time have to end meeting, close zoom, then I can go use my browser"
The app drains power like no other; the audio doesn’t work with speaker; it provides no differentiation from any other conferencing app;
Zoom is a really good and easy to use app
Bug fixed in a couple of days ofter feedback to their Support
It’s super good and easy to use!
I have used this app on a small scale as of today, love and know the great potential it will have on my future.
"I work as a distributed employee (read: remote) and have had a team of distributed staff for over 6 years. We have tried other major conference software and found Zoom to be superior in every way. Audio, video, screen sharing, remote access, etc. 

With Zoom you feel a real part of a team and the ability to stay connected as if at the main physical location. Even is a person has a slower connection that makes the video signal uneven, the audio is always synced perfectly and allows for uninterrupted discussion.

We’re never going back to those other programs!"
Easy to use, fun, connects you to meetings where ever u are!!
Internet Audio quality is so bad over Bluetooth headphones. I’m forced to dial-in using another device.
Terrible experience!! Thank you but not thank you!!
This was exactly what I was looking for at exactly the right time! It’s easy to use and highly intuitive. It meets my needs perfectly and provides additional functionality.  I’m a fan.
Very happy with zoom
Young startup. Use it for many external conference calls when we initiate. Works flawlessly. Mostly use just audio.
This is the best video calling conferencing app out there today. Some much functionality and ease of use is amazing. Audio is clear same as video! Had audio and 4k video is all easily handled.
Awesome
the quality of call is so reliable and sharing sreen unit has many features. That’s super convenient
"Live it 

#wedding"
Wanting to set up meeting in advance with join meeting code in place and there is no where to put that code in calender reminder. At time of meeting, do not want to be searching emails for code and miss meeting.
We have tried almost every other platform on the market for our Association's meetings and interactions.  Zoom is by far the best and continues to remain state of the art.  We use it 3-4 hours per day for spontaneous meetings, scheduled meetings, and eSeminars. The HD quality and audio are excellent and the interface is incredibly user friendly.  In addition, the ease of scheduling a Zoom meeting via Google calendar makes this a highly useful tool for collaboration.  I would highly recommend Zoom!
If you are in net work marketing or you just need to have a meeting with your business partners and board members this is the way to get it done
You guys are doing a great job .Thank you for all your hard work . Be Blessed.
Great and convenience app
I can't rate before I know
"I cannot use video and screen share at the same time on app. Looked on their website, searched in the settings. Not working!
For the record I am using the iPadPro 12.9"
"Had a 1 hour conference today. This evening, I noticed that my battery was down to 30%. I checked and Zoom had burned 44% of total battery use for the day during a 1 hour conference WITHOUT video. 

It’s easy to use but be prepared to recharge."
I can’t seem to sign into the app and there’s no help or service options with an app to get support for this issue.
Awesome for family & fellowship team meetings.
Zoom kept putting the webinar into ‘safe driving mode’ and stopping the video despite me not moving nor even being in a car. Won’t use it again.
"The video quality is not nearly as good as Duo, or even FaceTime, but if you need to use Zoom for work, I guess the app is good enough.

The only clunky piece is returning to a call after locking your phone. Waking your phone brings you to a call screen, but not the video. Unlocking the phone then sends the call to the background. You need to open the app again to get back to the video. I’m not sure if this is Apple’s fault or Zoom’s fault."
App is very good. Chat and call feature works fine. Only improvement I would suggest is when I am in zoom meeting , and if someone else pings i won’t be able to read the chat until current meeting is over. I think we should improve it.
Zoom was easy to use , process was streamless to connect with!
The best meeting app on the market. Easy to use. User-friendly. Intuitive. great video and sound quality.
Hola mi experiencia acerca de la aplicación funciona muy bien me apoya mucho para hacer mis video llamadas es una aplicación que no se corta tanto me funciona muy bien gracias se recomienda
bosseaman
All I ask and Zoom does it
I use their zoom meeting app with a whiteboard with an iPad Pro 11, with an Apple Pencil 2.  I reported to their tech support that I could not turn off the double tap with their whiteboard, even though I had turned off the double tap in Settings.  They told me it had been fixed in the next release over a month ago.  3 releases have happened, still BROKEN!!!
Integrates well with the desktop and web apps, easy to use and great for connecting to meetings on the go. Only complaint would be the CarPlay integration is seriously lacking. I wish it would show me my upcoming meetings and let me join them directly from CarPlay so I don’t have to put my hands on my phone when driving
"We use the app to get all operations personnel together once a week.  It has never failed us the picture and sound is very good.  It saves us time and money it also puts issues through out our system into real time.  With 75 stores throughout the US and in 16 countries we would be struggling to keep up with our your program.   So thanks from the team at Foot Solutions you certainly help us keep on STEP  ahead of any problem 

Yes that was a bit of a pun but it’s also the truth."
Works wonderful for business and personal.
I use Zoom almost daily. I can't communicate or run my business without it. I've used it for a couple of years now and am happy to commend them for their stellar reliability. Keep up the good work!
Run this on my iPad for work conferences. With the latest version I lost access to “sharing” from “My Photo Stream” photos (synced over from my iPhone). Why would you change that? It’s just dumb.
Queer
If 0 stars was an option, I would do that. I am currently attempting to attend a continuing education webinar through zoom and the app has crashed 2 times during the webinar, causing my whole computer to crash and require restarting. It is a 2 hour webinar, and so far 1 hour in I have missed 20 minutes or more of the presentation due to the app crashing. So, so far I’ve missed 1/3 of this educational webinar due to malfunctioning of the app.
Wisdo has helped me so much! I’m finding new chat buddies that are going through the same thing as me. I’m learning new skills to cope with my depression. I just love it!
Both audio and video were sharp clear and fast. Much appreciated.
I have not considered myself a technologically gifted person.  I need it simple or I walk away.  This has been a great avenue for connecting with our professional Conference calls. I am easily able to navigate the program.  The pictures are clear, the comments are easily read.  The sound is good quality and I feel a part of the meetings.  I recommend this program for professional and personal use.
Easy set up and navigation! Wish more apps were like it!
Zoom is great.  Use it for weekly meetings and it’s steady, clear, consistent.  So happy to have it.
Hacked
I like this program except that I need to allow the other person to have keyboard and mouse control when they are on a phone or iPad. Please add this feature. Not everyone has a computer.
I downloaded it because didn’t see any price notifications. Where can I see the price of this app??
I can always count on Zoom being available when I need it.
I absolutely love how well it works for my team and for having great meetings !
There is no lag which compared to skype, way better, and the screens sharing system is super easy for the host and the joiners.
The fact that I can link my zoom to other platforms is awesome. I’m able to connect with more people, save time.
Sometimes a little tin can glitchy 😜but l LOVE ❤️ being on zoom . Going to try it for my class soon.🌠🥰♥️🍃
This is my second time watching one of your resumes. I am most impressed with your presentation and will find that many more people using them. Thank you so much for taking the time to share your story and your wisdom and knowledge about the product. I look forward to seeing you soon.
Folks...  this is simply the best video service I’ve aver used. My company and my customers RAVE about its ease of use and its capabilities. It Just Works!!!!!
Will remain one star until I can figure out how to opt out of the emails, I don’t like being forced I know a simple solution would just be to put the email into junk folder. But why should I?
Works as advertised!! I love it!!
"Zoom appears not to want users.  I’ve tried to sign up a number of time from my phone.  They never sent me the “confirmation email”. So the. I tried using their webpage. Same problem - after a number of “successful” account creations I never get a confirmation email back. 

No idea why this is so hard."
"Best in class video conference.  Even in low Bandwidth Cell phone situations.

Great for work and Family.  After all they have a free entry level for the family.

Amazing service and App."
Good way to connect with team members.
The quality is not present. It supposed to support 4 D,but the quality of video and audio just isn't there.
It is a cut above the rest with all the functionality and quality of video.
Other services that I’ve used keep a history of calls and participants. AFAIK, Zoom doesn’t.
I was able to speak with students preparing for their future, and this app made our meeting seem less!
"I was pretty bummed at first that this app enables video by default, but the developer responded pretty quickly to inform me of how to change that setting. Anyway, I like that I can click a zoom link and it drop me right into this app. I’ve had some trouble getting CarPlay to work, but There’s probably an issue on my side causing that. I still use it in the car just fine via the phone app.
I certainly prefer this over S., G.T.M., WE., and many others.
I would recommend this.
________________
Feature request:
There is an ability to auto-join internet audio. Might be nice to have an auto-call me feature for those that always use dial-in when using the iOS app."
Always have high quality video feed with Zoom
I have not encountered video conferencing which is this seamless and easy.  Remote teams don’t feel remote, and I can work from home effectively.  Go zoom
It is not possible to search for a person you wish to contact. If there is then it is not possible to easily figure out how to do this.
This app has been great but as of a recent update the enter key is not working for chat. I am using an ipad pro with a smart keyboard and instead of pressing enter to send a chat I have to tap the button on the screen. This is counterintuitive and was not acting this way until recently. Please fix and the app will be 5/5 stars
What else do I need to say?
"I tested a meeting with my sister and she could not hear me.  I went through the FAQs for iOS but could not find options to test mic and it was working on other apps.

Chatted with customer support and they just gave me the same links I tried and were not very helpful.

Finally, Kristina helped me.  We did a test meeting where I could test my audio with her."
too hard time consuming to find
Great video and audio quality. Best video chat service available.
Zoom is a great product.  It has a lot of function abilities options.  It works well on my laptop, iPad and phone.  You can send chats to the whole group or individually.  View everyone or just the speaker.  And much more
Great App!!
"In past few months since IPO I’ve had unsolvable mysterious annoying issues. Impossible to stay logged in (okta). Calls dropping and audio issues. No way to auto turn off camera on mobile.
Go to meeting has sadly surpassed zoom. Used to love zoom."
I love the total encouragement and putting God First in our lives as we have all the hope in Him as He loved me first!
Chris Johnson is awesome!!
I have to do school cuz of this
Zoom is boom
Awesome app for meetings!
Invited to a meeting at 1pm. Sadly, zoom invites don’t specify time zones so I dialed in 3 hours too late.
I've waited for an app like this for years. It's extremely convenient in my life and my business.
I registered for training video at 10:am this morning and only got message Please wait for the host to start this Webinar.  So far I am not able to give you any kind of review except it is hard to make work.
I am being held hostage
It’s so easy to use. And a powerful tool for my group.
I enjoy Zoom except when a few times a week I’ll be in a call and my Mac just shuts down. It’s the only time I experience when using my laptop. Extreme frustrating and not helpful.
It’s been great for my online meetings!
Thank you
Way better that Webex and GoToMeeting in quality consistency and price.
I don’t want to do this.I am not very computer smart.Can you send me a paper copy?Thanks Ruth Brooks
A way to reach out and have meetings.   Love this app
Click a link to start a meeting and it decides that’s a good time to redirect you to the App Store for an update. I don’t want to update when I’m trying start a meeting. I can’t see a way to skip the update
Best way to have team meeting & workout together miles apart
It’s been a great addition to my business 👍
This is a game changing piece of software that has completely transformed our company
None compared to zoom!
CW practice video conferencing sessions depend upon near-perfect audio timing & sequencing. High speed Morse Code, or Continuous Wave (CW) video conferencing sessions work extremely well on Zoom, much better than any other video conferencing applications I have used. Hearing the sequence, spacing and the precise sound of high speed dits & dahs are critical for Morse Code students enrolled in CW Academy, and Zoom does it best.
Hello, I use ZOOM for my outschool classes, and my bridgeway classes. :) It’s an OK app, just bad quality video, and bad quality auto. ☺️
So much fun to connect with others for either fun or intellectual chatting. Stop being alone and meet people through Zoom!!
I recorded a session and when looking for the recording, I followed the instructions however, there is not an option to look at previous meetings, only upcoming meetings. Frustrating!
This amazing tool allowed me to better work with my growing team not only in my country but now from the different countries the Company have expanded. Thank you ZOOM!
I’ve used Zoom, WebEx, BlueJeans, Google Hangouts, and Join.Me. By far, Zoom is the best. The calls are clear; the functionality is consistent; and the app is seamless. I highly recommend Zoom.
"Doesn’t support any form of split screen on iPad, so you can’t look at any notes or whatever during the chat. Not updated for the latest screen sizes.

Also it turns out their security is horrible and they take months to even start to respond to major security issues when reported to them."
Team up to zoom has some excellent trainers! If you are really interested in taking your business up to the next level , tune in & zoom forward.
Sound for ZOOM goes in and out.
"I was watching you and you given me so much good and perfectly excellent informations, so why should I get scared? No, I want to say:
No, you did not scared me.
See you soon, and thank you, Alex G!😎"
It’s so simple to be part of a meeting, whether communicating one on one or being one one many and just listening
Just reading about how this app reinstalls itself even if you uninstall it and others can use app to use your camera!
"Zoom continued broadcasting (at least shows badge at top) after meeting ended.
Seriously?
Need to squash that bug!!!
Otherwise Zoom gets a 5!"
If this app worked a bit better I’d be able to ditch my laptop for good. I’d love to be able to use this in split-screen mode on my iPad, but the video turns off when I go into split screen. And then it’s wonky when I go back to fullscreen. Being able to multitask when using Zoom, as I do on my laptop, would be the greatest thing in the world. Do you have plans to update this app to take advantage of ipadOS 13?
The Zoom Mac client installs a web server to bypass Apple restrictions. Apple had to issue a silent update to remove it. Who knows what else this company will do if they can get passed other restrictions.
Very valuable tool in business.
Una Aplicación muy práctica y fácil de usar para comunicarse con múltiples personas.
Zoom is the main way my business coach and I connect twice a week. Zoom has been very reliable.
The UI locked up a handful of times while using this app. The audio continued, but video froze and the entire UI was unresponsive. I hit the home button and it took a good 5-10s to get to my home screen. Returning to the app fixed things temporarily. But I had to do that around five times during a 40 minute call.
Zoom makes it possible to have a closer and more meaningful connection to people I work with and study with across the globe.
Fantastic!  Clear, clean sound and visuals.  Choose your own background for one or all meetings, including options of your choosing for visual, microphone, tools and more.  Best service thus far.  Thank you, ZOOM.
"The #1 thing I do on a call is mute and unmute my line. In zoom, it's multiple taps  -- to wake up the app, to bring up the menu, and to then mute/unmute. Hard to do quickly and to be really part of the conversation. 

Also, when the app goes into ""locked"" mode with the full screen when the phone is locked, the mute button is not synced with the mute button on the unlocked app."
Thank you
There is no way to contact zoom that I can see and no way to set up a test mtg so that I can make sure my attendee setup is adequate.  These are pretty basic.
Won’t stop asking me for a review. So here, have it.
The meeting host said I could save the video. I looked and looked and saw no way to do so. Apparently, if it is a feature that they haven’t implemented on iOS, which is insane. The meeting was a session I had to pay for, so the entire session is going to be a loss now.
Zoom is the best app for online meetings.
Great App. Easy to use.
"Zoom works very well, and it is easy to use. However, Zoom developers went too far in their efforts to make it easy when they decided to install a server on Mac computers, without notifying users. (This made those Macs vulnerable to hacking.)

Apple has now resolved that problem by automatically uninstalling the Zoom server."
"We use this tool
For our Webinars at VIPKID. It’s great!"
Controls are significantly lacking - I will stick to the desktop edition.
Great app, but SSO there is an issue.  You select SSO, put in domain, login and then for our Corp acct you need a RSA token.  To get that, you need to enter info, go to token and then you have to start all over with SSO login.  Thought it was OE :) but it happened multiple times.
It seems to have one person cut out pretty often. But it is a useful tool.
Constant echo on the line!  Even when each participant except the speaker were speaking.
Do not load this software!
I’m logged in on my phone and I have no use for zoom currently I’m trying to log in with my google account that is listed and the site tells me that my account is logged into doesn’t exist I can’t delete my account!!!
Video and Sound quality are excellent. This platform gives convenient options for screen-share and works seamlessly between mobile device or computer.
Flawless Communication quality is so good for presentation.
Reception is very good. The video is strong and consistent.
"UPDATE: The developer responded and has made positive efforts to remove its malicious feature. But this only happened after the company got caught. 

The root of the problem is a company culture that would even dream of such a malicious feature, then build it, then actually roll it out to its users thinking this was a good idea.

This immediate fix is a necessary band aid for a symptom. But the root cause is still far more problematic.

- - - - -

Zoom was an interesting app and service for a little while. But after blatantly subverting essential security protections for our data, deliberately leaving our devices open to attack, and not telling anyone for months (or who knows how long?), there’s no way this company deserves an ounce of anyone’s trust.

There are better and more respectful alternatives. Consider those instead."
I wish they made it easier to upgrade to pro from the app
Zoom is a good way to communicate through video, the sound and quality is great, hadn’t had any problems so far
This by far the great app I have ever seen. I’m using it for my company’s meeting.
She always delivers on her promises and then some.
Zoom is sometimes hard to connect to and then when you do audio is choppy.  Concept is great but doesn’t always work well
I like using the program because you can use it on your phone no glitches like other programs very simple to operate
"I very much like Zoom; it is certainly much better than Skype — with a more stable connection and more features that make co-working easier. 

Having said that, the disappointing feature of the Zoom app for iPad is that it has fewer features than the desktop version: Most important for me, the „save“ button for the „whiteboard“ is missing as is the possibility of writing on more than one page. This is very annoying as Zoom‘s whiteboard is potentially very useful for a iPad users because of the iPad‘s touch screen and less useful for most desktops. I would give a much higher rating if Zoom were to rectify this."
Every functionality you need is displayed in an easy-to-use layout. It has made virtual video conference calls for my church staff efficient and productive.
Exelente herramienta de trabajo gracias Dios
Pretty good
My guest couldn’t hear me well for a short period of time.
As I was researching I came across a zoom and it said it was free and when I downloaded it it charged me $12.94! Why?
Using single sign-on to Connect on my iPhone seldom works. I get as far as multi part authentication and then back to step one.
This app is awesome. ZOOM makes meeting online so simple!
"A bit less than user friendly on iPad
Frequent disconnects and frustration as a result"
Using regular, free Zoom for face to face sessions with one client is terrific.  There are a few connection delays at times, but overall it offers a wonderful venue for remote face to face meetings!!
Great
Enjoyed this so much. Lots was brought up that could get you discouraged. I have dealt with a few. Holding on and will not let no one discourage me. I will read Psalms 18 34/45. I needed this today .
Calls over internet are always flaky
Every once in a while there may be some glitch that makes the frame skip or delays it for a few seconds. But you can tell that overall, they do a pretty great job with this app! There are not many companies that do better.
Easy to use !!   A great way to create meetings.  And for family and friends as well.  Doesn’t have to be just for business
Zzvz agzzzzgtzz
I can’t figure out how to go live on YouTube with zoom from my iPad ....wish that was easier.
Iupm
Great way to connect and engage with others
No way to change it; not in China
"I installed zoom on my IPhone 
It worked fine the first time I used it after that I kept getting an error code, I uninstalled the app and reinstalled it to see if the update would work. Well it tells me there is another error. Someone needs to get with it and make a product that works, this one doesn’t."
Great app! It should be supported by iMac then it will be perfect.
It’s funny how zoom does not preview the price until you commit to the trial. It then displays a six month charge that I think is too expensive and too long of a commitment.  This is an example of bait and switch!!!
For days my account will not sign in , producing an error code unknown to Zooms Customer Service Staff on the phone. Self help discusses performing tasks within account settings - hard to do when account is disabled. No email sent to email on file to explain. Just silence and no regard by Google% it is time this promising application be sent to the garbage Pitt to take its plac3 among the countless applications Google acquired and then  devouted  its full energy to causing that product to deteriorate until it will e just some frustrating experience. Dead end worthless support -such disrespect they won’t even explain why my account is disabled.the perfect closing chapter to a scary book that wasn’t supposed to be a true tradgedy. Good riddance Zoom, sooner than later be nice.
I seem to always have a hard time getting on!!!!  They need to tell us step by step how to login. It’s very frustrating when your in a hurry and you can not get in!!!!
Excellent Presentation Thank You Crystal for the invite 🌹
Works great on my I phone XR, & I pad as long as I’m on a string WiFi hotspot.  Unfortunately on PC have a some lag issues and a-lot of inconsistencies Occurring. Poor signal quality.
Zoom is the best!
Zoo is so easy to use and makes our group meetings fun!
Save your precious space, Zoom is garbage
"WebEx app is much better at gracefully handling meetings *while actually mobile*. Webex is also mich better integrated with Outlook.

The Zoom app drops me from the meeting if I move between WiFi and cellular, and even if I swipe over to my email app while in the meeting! Over and over. This is also real pain."
Hard to use specially when you forget password and no option to get new password
We used to have Skype Business at my company but switched to ZOOM a few months ago. Super easy to use but the sound is just bad. Unless your mouth is a few inches from your microphone you can’t hear a thing. We have meetings where we are 10 people in a room, we have conversations with other partners on the other side of the screen but they can never hear us. We literally have to scream. I don’t get it...we didn’t have that issue with Skype and it really affects the quality of our meetings. I’ve seen similar comments on here...from years ago but those feedback don’t seem to have change anything. Because here I am!
Very glitchy! Almost ALWAYS kicks people off of the meeting every 10 minutes. Half of the time it says your code is invalid. If I did not have to use this for work I would not use it.
I was hoping for an update, but it looks like 3 weeks since the last. I’ve been experiencing performance issues consistently on my iPhone X. The UI is extremely slow to respond, sometimes it appears to block the main thread and I’m getting crashes sometimes. The audio continues to work prior to the crash, which is nice, but I’m often unable to unmute when I need to speak due to the performance issues. I’ve tried restarting the device, but nothing seems to help.
"The fact that the zoom app doesn’t open immediately once I join a meeting from facebook makes no sense. Currently, I have to 1. Click the link for the meeting 2. Copy and past a link into a web browser which will them 3. Take me to the App Store to 4. Open a link that is already downloaded on my device. 

Might it be possible to cut these steps in half for the sake of efficiency?"
No estoy a gusto con este método.  Pues no encuentro forma por esta plataforma de decir que no deseo que me cobren otro mes.  Pues solo necesitaba un mes de prueba y lo pagué.
I didn’t have any difficulty usei-me it and I will use it myself more often
As I attend many meeting the service is very reliable and the quality is fantastic. Second to none, thank you for a job well done.
How would I function without this program? Ease and facility of zoom, is everything! Last minute classes and meetings, all done here with no problems! Love love love, Zoom!
As a high-level software engineer at a large tech company (typically considered synonymous with databases) and a full-time remote worker for the last six-plus years, I have used all the players in the “online meeting/collaboration” space; and let me tell you: Zoom blows them ALL out of the water! We use it at my company for all scheduled meetings, plus for ad hoc meetings even when we are in the same building. It is just that much more convenient than walking over to someone’s office (or desk, in open-plan facilities). I can just IM someone (or DM, in Slack) saying “got a src to talk?” Followed by my personal Zoom URL; and boom, we are good to go!
The app works pretty well and is fairly easy to navigate. I have nothing but problems with the web app on my computer.  I can only join meetings about half the time on my laptop. The links will just go to a “sing up for Zoom” page or I just can’t click “join meeting”. I know other people that have the same issues. Something they really need to work on.
"I absolutely love Zoom it’s a way to connect with like minded people and discuss important topics 

Thank You 

Marsha Wilson"
I’ve used WebEx and just about every other kind of video conferencing. I always come back to Zoom.  Whether I’m mobile or on my desktop, zoom makes it simple for me to share what I see with other people on a conference call in a way that no other app makes as easy.
"I recently got sick and joined a web meeting with my CEO & 20 Senior Leadership colleagues. My Zoom app clearly said “Your microphone is muted”.
I made no attempt to curb my sniffling, snorting, hacking, coughing, dry heaving (and worse)... After about 15 minutes, the host stopped the meeting to ask if I was ok and requested that I please mute my line (Again- the Zoom app said I WAS muted).
I couldn’t have been more embarrassed and hope that others who might use this app can plan accordingly regarding any unplanned bodily noises that could compromise your experience."
Zoom has allowed us as a group to communicate often with one another as a church. For that we are grateful.
Works very well and unlike other very popular business apps, the share screen feature is simple enough for anyone to use on any platform.
I get to use it only in countries that have an existing dial in number (Eq USA where I live) but my folks have to go thru a lot of steps and resolve to using vpn while using it in Sudan while neighboring countries such as Egypt, Algeria, South Africa etc have dial in numbers.
Wqwfcisf
The workshop keep going in and out.Missed parts of information.
Clean picture, great audio lots of opportunity to learn before using
Zoom provides a state-of-the-arts platform for online meetings and marketing.
Their webinar on zoom was very important and will bring general wealth. I appreciate the knowledge very much.
I am using an iPhone X and the video quality seems to be just awful, there are no controls to manage brightness and it seems to downgrade the quality tremendously.
Great webinar on utilizing the system. Lots of info to get someone started, but plenty of help & support on where to go & what to search for. Excellent host!
We use this for our business coaching class and it’s works great.
The meeting closed unexpectedly
More functionality than other similar tools.
"I enjoy watching the Zoom app for the courses that I take from my home in Forest Hills N.Y.that are given in Texas and California on a daily basis since I am home bound and 89 yrs. old. 
         Thank You 👍🏿"
App is good for meeting basics but not for full account management. That is frustrating.
So far no good.wi fi I use everyday,suddenly ain’t good enough.voice crapped halfway through first meeting.i was told wu fi ain’t strong enough.not everyone has the money for the real thing.
No problems getting into meetings.
"Just got off a call with just three participants. We all had to bail out on the voice over IP because of the audio latency and quality; other people frequently sounded like their voices were being run through a buggy robot voice auto-tuner (listen to the Black Eyed Peas if you want to hear one used intentionally), or the speaker sounded like they were radioing in from the vicinity of the moon.
When we were all on phones, the audio was OK, but then a couple of us, including the conference leader, got dropped multiple times.
Finally, I shared my screen and the other participants could only see my iOS tiles instead of the full-screen PDF I was looking at.

Sorry Zoom - not a fan."
If you run corporate gmail and have a personal gmail account do not use Zoom.  It is constantly logging me in or out based on what gmail account it thinks I am on.  Newsflash Zoom - I am on both all day everyday.  This is not an issue for Slack or Skype.  If not a requirement at work I would never use Zoom again.
I just got off my first Zoom conference call. It was a 1:1 audio/video interview. I placed the call to Florida from the Philippines which is exactly nine thousand miles away. The audio and video quality of my 2 hour interview was crystal clear! I must say I’m pretty impressed!  Thanks to the developer!!!
I have attended more than 5 Zoom meeting from 3 various people. It is so simple and the connection was amazing.
Been using Zoom for all of my online meetings for the past 6 months.  The app is solid and continues to improve over time.
"This app always had glitches on iPhone XS MAX, I have experienced issues with controls getting freeze and sudden connection drops, iPhone screen going blank (but comes back after few minutes) and etc. But today after joining the meeting it had made my iPhone screen go blank and never came back. force restart also didn’t work, I had to go to apple store and they couldn’t fix the issue and gave a replacement phone as luckily I still had few days left on warranty. I didn’t had cloud backup on photo and videos unfortunately I had lost all of them today. The phone was not getting detected via iTunes on Mac or windows.

I am really disappointed with this app issue, we lost all our memories from our recent vacations."
Looking for combine promotion games/apps, we can provide ASO service, daily installs can reach 1000+. visit us at: upmobi.xyz, Every one can get a test promtoin fot 3 days now!
Clear
Our team loves the product. Very easy to use given our management team is all over the country.
Audio was cutting off too.
So easy to join.  Great visual and audio quality.
Can I retrieve a meeting recorded by the other person on their account but I was new  to the app and didn’t know to record it on my end?  I don’t know the app well enough to rate it so disregard by rating.
"I only use zoom for participating in a weekly training session. It works good for that, other than random freezing of video / audio. 
My big pet peeve on my iPhone is the chat window. I try to ignore others and really pay attention, but the chat window keeps sliding up every time someone types anything. I can’t find a way to stop this from happening and it’s VERY irritating. Looking to disable / turn off the chat intrusion on a fairly small screen. 
The presenter seems to struggle with the whiteboard and sharing as well."
Amazing technology with audio , video, text, chat, file sharing, screen sharing, simple to use it.
Hi I’m new to zoom. Laptop seems to work pretty good but on my mobile app. I do not have the option to use the chalkboard. I have an iPhone 8. Is there a way to resolve this ?
Works well for meetings.
The sound was so bad I could not stay in. Things had to be accomplished outside of this app. Worthless.
Great UI
What can I say about this app. It’s amazing. It has everything that a professional would want. I highly recommend it to anyone in need of a video conferencing solution.
This app hates my iPad. Mind you, it works perfect on my phone.....
No words, very convenient, easy to use, reliable and up to date!
I have used zoom for ages on my phone and my iPad. Suddenly in the last 24 hours the audio in zoom when on my iPad has ceased to work. The audio on my iPad works in other apps (FaceTime and video from the camera) so I know it is not the microphone. I’ve checked everything out and yes I am using the devices’s audio to dial in from the internet, I have uninstalled and reinstalled the app, I have rebooted my device. Something is unfortunately buggy in this version and it needs to be fixed ASAP as I use this app frequently for work!
I love zoom
I rated Zoom a 5 Star because it rocks!
Using a pro version for school. No issue found. Works great on phone and pc.
"Disappointed: for no apparent reason connection constantly drops throwing connection error message when on strong Wifi and does not attempt to reconnect

Otherwise when connected works well"
I wish you can share screen while the other person is so it’s putting your scrren on his
I’ve been using Zoom for a few years now and it is my go to meeting platform of choice I highly recommend the use of Zoom for any type of meeting whether it is a formal presentation or just a quick meeting with someone you are collaborating with there is nothing like Zoom
The sound am switching was outstanding for this important global  organizing call.
We need to have access to the chat function on iPad. Thanks
"Hi my name is Jesse and the only thing that zoom needs is to where we can have more people be able to get on at one time we have a business and we love using zoom for our meetings because we we are all over the globe more the better right now we have over a thousand and only a hundred can get on ????

Thank you"
Zoom makes sessions with my BT professional so easy and convenient.
Zoom is awesome! It allows me to connect with my church family and business partners for a convenient and smooth experience.
QQ
Zoom window is closing when I move to different screen and come back
I worked in mainland China, previously can use Zoom very smoothly, but just recently, the app cannot connect to the server, the windows and the Mac version have the same issue, do not know what’s happened.
Cut out a couple of times lost connection
Today was the first one for me and it was so useful. Thank you!
Very interesting, I just used it with my classmates and it's an awesome app
Zoom has been great for one on one meetings but I cannot find way to have longer meetings with multiple people.
Zoom provided my organization a shockingly smooth, uninterrupted conference with multiple participants!
I have never had a problem out of Zoom. It’s great. I don’t have the paid subscription. I just use it for client calla & going live on FB. Thank you, Zoom, for providing a free platform to speak my truth. 5 stars babes.
Pagael dollar demaciado bajo , no la recomiendo el envio es costoso
服务态度也非常好。感谢上帝用高科技帮助我们被分散的人仍可聚集！
This app is awesome! Dependable and reliable l!
Super user friendly!
I learn American Sign Language or ASL on takelessons the website but half the time it got stuck and blurry as much as 3/4 of the time it was almost a luxury, a rarity, a miracle whatever word you want to use to have a clear screen. We changed to this app and it is never blurry. I’m very satisfied with ZOOM.
"I represent a nonprofit, and zoom enables our monthly meeting with a dozen members across seven states!
It just can’t get any better than that!"
"We’ve been having a few glitches throughout each zoom call. Video and sound comes in and out so we have to repeat ourselves. Is there anything we can do to troubleshoot?

Thank you,
Kristin~"
Zoom pulled some pretty use-hostile shenanigans by installing a hidden web server on your Mac that would listen for a Zoom conference invitation and res install the Zoom app automatically. Sure, I can see how that made things easier for people who wanted to jump on a conference, but it completely betrays the concept that the user should have explicit control and knowledge of the software running on their own computer.
It has enabled me to connect with and train my team long distance. It is fairly easy to use for a 59 year old!
This app is not complicated to use and works really great.
"I get a text from Zoom that says, “Enter this code in Zoom to verify your phone number.”
Really? Just where am I supposed to enter this? Under Settings? There’s nothing in there for this, in fact my phone number is nowhere in Settings. Nor is there any other place in any other selectable option in the Zoom app.
So now what? I won’t be able to use Zoom because you simpletons can’t give clear instructions?
God I hate poorly written instructions."
"ZERO!
Please remove this disruptive curse from my phone!!!"
Can’t log in Safari gives me an error.
"Been happily using Zoom for about a year and it only gets better over time. Have used plenty of other Enterprise conferencing apps and this one tops them all. Solid video, good audio with dial in options, simple to share content... 

My only gripe is this: when using with iPadOS, I would love to be able to use split screen while on a video conference so I could be video chatting/presenting while taking notes on the split screen. When I use Slide Over to take notes during the call, my video feed freezes for everyone else on the call.

Thanks!"
Need better options to control volume/mute/speakers
Zoom just cannot perform well vs. Webex.
The meeting works fine on my mobile, but if my work did not demand it, I would not use it.  I should not have to click ok at least 6 times every meeting because the app cannot access my camera.  Can’t you fix that?  Can’t leave screen and go back without having to click ok multiple times after I already have.  It should ask 1 time, not 3.  I’m capable of allowing it, but don’t want to.
Pretty good but glitches out every kmow and then
"Excellent content and examples. The beginning seemed a bit too elementary. But perhaps that's necessary for your audience.  

As you said, it's hard to find people able to think in principle today. That's a cultural consequence of our government's near monopoly on primary education. And government monopoly precludes rapid innovation and self-correction.  

So that's a whole separate and necessary course of study - the why, what and how of thinking in principle. We have to start with the why of course and make it inescapably clear."
Good for talking with your family and friends plus work
Always fun to connect, 🥰
$10 per month to get a simple blood pressure chart (scatter plot), which was given for free, shows this company’s greed.   It’s a great chart to analyze your blood pressure; now I have to use Excel.
I’ve had too many occasions when using the app on my phone, the phone shuts down from being too hot.
This app basically wants to reroute your settings. It disconnects from the meeting if you don’t give permission to access the audio, microphone, voice etc. The app settings are designed to either give it all access or you can not connect. Waste of time.
I have tried to use this app for the 10th time and every single time I try to sign in. It just refers me to the sign in page instead of allowing me to actually sign in.
Great app to be able to video conference   The free version allows small groups which for me is fine.
So, I really think Zoom is great! There seems to be a lot of potential for this application.  It seems to adapt and change as its’ users face new challenges while they use this service application.  And it seems that as users learn how to make their way through this application Zoom adjusts itself to its’ users needs and skill level.
The picture and sound quality is good.
Very useful.
I normally nod off and start doing chores on conference calls, but zoom is so different and really makes me feel invested in the meeting.
I use this to monitor meetings we run out of our 2 theaters
Won’t show in landscape mode iPhone 11
Apps like this that do not allow the customers to paste their login password are annoying, and encourage the customers to reuse weak passwords they can memorize. Fix this or die!
Muy funcional y perfecta para reuniones de trabajo.
Very nice and helpful platform, I am using it since two years though my distance education
Commonly used controls, such as ‘mute’ or ‘Leave’ are located on a sliding panel which auto-hides after approx. 5 seconds of  no interaction.  I have been unable to find options to disable this behavior.  At times I am unaware mute is turned off and my mic is “hot”.  I would like to have the option to keep the controls on screen always.
Dear sirs I was in the middle of talking to Holland and the entire meeting froze and I had to redial to come in. Had no explanation as to why it froze?
LES FELICITO POR TAN IMPORTANTE MEDIO QUE FACILITA EL ACERCARNOS DE UNA U OTRA, Y PODER DESARROLLAR LAS CONFERENCIAS DE UNA MANERA AMPLIA, CLARA Y ESTABLE.
Fast easy and great app
Thank goodness for this due to a broken foot I couldn’t be a part of class but with Zoom I was able to experience my classroom like I was there
For example, how does one become a paid subscriber? Most apps have a link within the free version to convert to a paid subscriber. No where to be found in the Apple app.
Better than think so.
Another hard to use comma platform that cares more about getting paid than getting you service.
When my IOS was updated to version 13, The zoom app in the apple car play doesnt respond when I click on the app. Please fix it.
I love all the features and how user friendly it is
This is great for meetings thank you
When you close the app and leave the meeting. The next time you open the app it tries to rejoin the meeting without your consent regardless of whether you closed the meeting or it disconnected on its own.
No short cuts so difficult to join a meeting while driving
My job uses this app for our meetings, does really well with the A/V.
I’ll switch to 5 star if you guys can add the feature to support two AirPods at the same time. Thanks!
Zoom is amazing!
I’ve used many web conference apps.  This is a very simple and easy app to use.  One of the better tools out there. Very intuitive and valuable for that meetings where skills are not the same!
Now that’s what I call productivity!
I am self-employed and work online with clients. I have been able to travel all over the world and keep my same client schedule because of Zoom. Their platform allows me to have remote access in order to help clients with tech or something project specific in their computer. I find the platform stable for large groups. I love all the details and thought put into how users have different needs to put participants into private side groups, share files, mark up the presentation screen. I am really happy with how Zoom thinks of user needs based on an ever-evolving online work environment.  Fan for life!!!!
It doesnt work via apple carplay I cant just dial a meeting id while in carplay . Please fix this
Great platform but mobile device needs to be updated and fixed for those people who travel and rely on this
Although the culprit may be my fickle internet connection and sometime difficulty with new software,with time I’ve come to like this meeting application. Sound and video quality are good and it’s easy to sign on once you get the hang of it. I use it weekly and it’s been a key to connecting with mentors and colleagues who live out of state.
I don't like about it that it's not that good and I like about it house sometimes they be nice and sometimes they play games they play games games games with usMay they deserve one one stone*they deserve one star
Very good
Please disconnect me from Zoom. I am a disabled woman and can barely afford my meds.  I needed it for a church pre convention meeting. It is over. Please disconnect me
My family use Zoom to keep in touch with each other.  It is easy to share pictures and documents real-time during the conference call. Highly recommend using it
I am often homebound but ZOOM makes it possible for me to attend worship & have fellowship with my congregation....Thankyou!!!
No way Jose.
Heya
Zoom is fantastic!
Very good
With IOS 13 update, I have difficulty switching between audio devices (phone, headphones, car). I am prompted whether to switch (which didn’t use to happen), and have had calls with lost audio when I try to switch.
"Why does it keep bothering me to give it access to the camera.  I don’t want it to have access!  I never turn on camera to meetings so why won’t it leave me alone?

It has a terrible time keeping my calendar up to date so it knows what meeting I should join."
Good but it haves bugs
Zoom works well on my iPhone 10 but can’t get speaker to work.
For the last several months our team has conducted at least 3 meetings every week and Zoom has always provided fast clear conference performance.
Easy for the technically uneducated (me) to access and use.
Intermittent
Having trouble with Zoom and RingCentral
"Zoom is very user friendly, even for participants for whom technophobic might be an issue.

Thank you."
I’m usually a tech savvy person but can’t hear the meetings during playback on my iPhone..I can only hear about 2-3 secs while transitioning screens from control center back to the app but once it gets back in the app there is no sound during playback.. yes I’ve checked sound, microphone all of that
I thought Facebook was the only way to go and still enjoy it. Zoom is right on par with if not better. Excellent video and audio. I use it once a week for lengthy conversation with a professional nurse and honestly think Doctors and Nurses could use it as a very beneficial tool saving both gas, wear and tear on your vehicle, and a lot of time driving to and from an appointment. However I do understand they require getting someone’s bp, temp, and in some cases o2 stats. For counciling, counts, and evaluations it would be a big leap forward. We all know the actual visit is what they get to bill for. Money comes before anything
I love Zoom and use it all of the time!
when i put the meeting id in it, it works but when I put the meeting password in correctly... IT SAYS ITS NOT THE RIGHT ONE WHEN ITS THE RIGHT ONE please help
Hands down the best video conferencing application in the market.
Obviously built to be reliable and easy to use. Best experience I’ve ever had with video. No reason we all shouldn’t be using Zoom. Makes too much sense.
I needed to use this app for a meeting and never used it before. I was a bit late for the meeting but was able to quickly download the meeting app and figured out things very rapidly. Got what i needed from my meeting. Thanks for an easy to use app that worked FIRST TIME and worked well !!!!
I lost the love of my life.. I love u jo
"To be able to see others when talking to them gives you  Multi-dimential feedback because in addition to voice, you can see facial expressions and body language. You’re able to avoid interrupting one another because you have a better sense of when someone has merely paused rather than stopped talking. 

I love the virtual backgrounds!"
In general, the the app worked pretty well for a webinar I was on today but I couldn’t figure out a way to get a copy of the chat session.  It’s seems that the desktop app or browser version has a feature to save it off or to send it somewhere but I couldn’t figure out where I could do the same on my iPhone app.
Several functions that worked previously have stopped working. No way to get help since they do not return requests. They give a phone number but that gives neither an answer or live chat
Very nice
Hey
Great App. Wish the connection at times were a bit conducive for our Area. Other than, I would recommend to Any business platform. How do you record meeting?
This is perfect for group webinar all over the country
My screen froze
M🥰🥰
"Thank you for a great session.  The more I listen the more I learn.  I would like to stay for the next meeting but have to board my flight.  I will
Listen to the recording.  Thanks again!!"
Great platform for running a business
Zoom connects the world! For me it was an avenue that aided in me getting Certification to become a Yoga Instructor, for that I’m eternally grateful.
"Why can we not view our recorded meetings in iOS app?
Otherwise works okay."
Short learning curve. Relatively simple for the basic stuff.
It’s has a stupid sign up and sign in portal. Gives no instruction. A irritating stupid mess. Can’t even leave a nickname for this review this app is soo stupid
Love the app except inability to see fullscreen shared content in landscape. GoToWebinar/Meeting does this well...
Actually shocked at how well this app works and the functionality that exists. Incredibly helpful when on the road.
Nice integrated Computer and mobile features.
Awesome tool for virtual meetings
Waste of time.
I’ve used >1/2 dozen video meeting apps and several years ago decide to go Zoom. No regrets. Never have tech issues and often did with the others. Super dependable. Very fair price. Props Xoom!
Amazing App!
I can’t install app
I have been using zoom for a online class once a week. It is reliable, and user friendly.
Stumbled upon this app while looking for a voip client that supported external microphones on iPad. Zoom does what neither Skype or FaceTime can - accept audio from my Blue Snowball mic.
Very easy to access. Love it.
Hey, I like Zoom....first time user! Video was great and consistent. Audio problems due to one or two people with audio issues. Otherwise, it is great. How can I get Zoom on my  MacBook Air?
Great platform for collaboration with IBD LIVE! Keep up the great work!
Been attending zoom conference calls for the last few months in this paid coaching group I’ve joined and it’s super annoying how many times things break up and there is this robotic delay thing and you can’t understand what the person is saying. Happens all the time.
The computer software doesn’t ever want to work for me it seems, and the app doesn’t really serve the purpose I need it for. Not much else I can say
I’ve used so many vidcon apps. This is by far the best with calm reliability. The features for sharing and collaborating remotely are great.
Amazing, simple, reliable, and easy to use video conferencing app!!
👍
Optional
Great app.  Nice to see somebody kick got meetings tail
This is a really great idea for giving the students of a course the chance to see their fellow members, especially if many of them are interested in meditation and might like to find out what the others in their sangha look like. However, it would be very helpful to anyone who has not done this before if there were a little more explanation about what to expect and how to optimize their participation.
"I was once quite confused and slow,) but now I can zoom! Both access and I am there!😌

Charlie Crawford"
This is the best app
Super impressed by the zoom mobile app, but no surprise given how easy the desktop and zoom rooms experiences are!
I have new I phone 11 and will not open or play any meetings from zoom any fixes that I can do  trued uninstall and reinstall
Yes!
Karen Street
Very easy to use
登陆国际版输入各种邮箱和密码均提示无效！
This past week plus, have had feedback every time. And in that feedback there’s whispers, growling, disembodied voices and screams, have a lot documented, as well.  I just had a clearing for my home and myself today and it’s still happening, which means whatever it is is in the servers. Very bad news. I will not be using zoom again, which stinks because I did like it a lot before this ordeal.
"Hi Zoom,

I really thankful for set up Zoom and I love it. But when I see people talking so no subtitles so can you please make subtitles for deaf community? They can use zoom often if it is successful 

Thank you
Chris K"
Great service, excellent platform, clear sound, great video and you don’t have to be a tech person to figure it out.  Love how we can join and run meeting from just about any device we have too
Keyboard doesn’t pop up on iPhone. Super buggy app. Skype is much easier.
Zoom drains IPhone 8plus battery . I have heard from my colleagues who use different versions of iPhone about this same issue. Please do something about it.
This app is amazing.. Super easy to used
Fine, except when it’s not fine, like no sound etc.
This is the best and easiest app I’ve ever used for conducting business or teaching a small group. Really intuitive!
Love using this app for work and business. Even when not on WiFi being able to use this with my cell while on the road makes staying connected easy.
"Without an active, unmuted microphone...

...very disappointing, worst app experience, ever.

That was my review, five months ago.  By then I had sunk so much time into havking the microphone issue, I kept trying and it was solved with a Zoom provided patch.

Since then the app has worked reasonably well at all times.  And, to be fair Zoom techies spent considerable one on one time with me, and even sent an update to try out.  I had the free plan without tech support, yet still got it.

My main concerns at this point is the confusing instructions, and the limited number of current Zoom participants that can navigate the system"
Absolutely the worst meeting program. Settings are non-responsive to iPad requirements, no way to join a meeting once logged off. Audio never works on the iPad. I suggest no one ever use this app.
"Logs out every update, annoying

“meeting reminder sound” is annoying I like the notifications ... I don’t NEED the sound

Chat notify has a sound setting, but not the meeting reminder."
Muy satisfecha!
"Great app. Really well implemented and basically all of the features in the computer app are available here also. Very impressed.

One suggestion. Any chance that we could get true split-screen support for the iOS app? This would be so that we can have another app beside the zoom app. Also it would be important for the camera to still work in that mode (it automatically shuts off if you pull in a side app currently). I would like to take notes while watching a class or have my notes on the side while teaching."
I find zoom intuitive and well designed for me to complete professional presentations to clients and have it make sense and be professional.
For what I use it for.  Perfect.
No interruptions, clear audio and image
"This company is one of the best we’ve used.  They offer a great free product with valuable paid features with fantastic navigation simplicity.  

We will be changing from RingCentral to Zoom for our Company Phone System. That says a LOT about our trust in their product, because if you own a company, you know that it is a big Risk changing phone carriers. Zoom has earned our trust!"
They don’t even tell you why. That’s bull crap.
"It really is awesome!! Amazing app!! Make yourself a favor and download it!! You wont 
regret it!! :-) -Sam"
It was great for my online school classes.
It just work. Perfect video, audio, ease to navigate controls and extremely user friendly!
I think it’s a very useful app.
Great for connecting groups. Good video and audio
Just watch a CE webinar- Zoom app worked very well
This
Uncertain
I know it will be a good site because eclause comes here and I am so great full for them. And zoom. Thank you Zoom!! Stay strong
Wonder connection. Stable. Powerful. Clear.
I use this app every other week, sometimes weekly to video chat with my therapist when I can&#39;t make the two hour trip to see him. It sure gives people choices on who they want as their therapist or who they&#39;d like to interact with for business without travel time and geographics being an issue. You won&#39;t be disappointed‼️
I am so grateful to have technology like this available to not only me but to my children and family. We utilize this ap in so many different ways. I believe it will be the  “Go-To” way to communicate in the future.
Someone can contact me for not connecting to the app ? This has been tried and failed for dozens of time. Help X n!
Saved info on meetings does not save. Time zones keep switching back to default despite you specifically setting them otherwise. Email contacts disappear from meeting info. Don’t waste your time. Competitor products are far superior.
It’s good except I do math
It’s a great app! Though, sometimes there are technical difficulties, I will proudly give this a 4 out of 5
It had a few bugs. Though it worked great!! I was able to speak with a pen pal from AUS and I am in the USA. O worked pretty well! I would definitely recommend this!!!
IOS13要求App必须支持苹果登录，这是对隐私的保护，不知道为什么那么多应用都可以支持，Zoom前不允许苹果登录？
I can’t see my self while I’m talking to my teacher while she is showing me a diagram
Muy útil
Had an app developer for a different app set up a video call time to ask opinions on a new service coming about one of my medical conditions. I hadn’t even heard of Zoom before, but when FT didn’t work, I quickly downloaded Zoom &amp; it took zero time for us to be able to view each other’s screens, which was more imperative for her, but her being able to share screens with me that were still in development was extremely easy! Once I figured out to unmute her (a default setting, at least in my case), it was so easy to use, I didn’t need a tutorial or anything! It was a last minute, phone hook-up problem that I didn’t take time to read about the app or even see if a tutorial was there (I’m sure there is). So VERY easy to use, point &amp; click &amp; I was able to complete helping them, they being in Singapore &amp; myself in eastern USA! This video chat could possibly be beneficial for millions of people, literally!  Thank you, Zoom for making this happen! Would definite recommend this to others!!
Easy to use. Excellent.
I use Zoom because others ask me to join their meetings. However more often than not the audio breaks down. It’s not a consistent and good tool for professional calls in my opinion.
As a sales manager working between two different countries I couldn’t work without Zoom. Always works, always a solid connection (even when I stress it out by joining from airport WiFi!). Couldn’t recommend it highly enough
"So I disable microphone and video access to this app because I simply do not need those features and I do not want them to “accidentally” come on while I’m using the app. Prior to this update when I would join a zoom using the app it would annoy me by popping up a box saying “unable to access microphone” and another saying “unable to access video” ugh. No sh!t Shirlock. I plan on using my headset for audio and no plans to use video. So stop with the messages. I shouldn’t see those pop ups unless I actually TRY to use those features AND you can not access them. 

Moving ahead to this version. It literally has 5 pop up messages with the “unable to access video” message BEFORE I can even get in the zoom. Congratulations. You’ve managed to make this app 5 times more annoying. 

I’m convinced none of the developers or Product Owners/Product Managers actually use this app. Garbage. Unfortunately I am forced to use this app because my company forces me too."
"1. Their UX &amp; Upsale:

If it is the case that I would like to upgrade to Pro, then their UI should not be so difficult in me finding a way to upgrade my service. 

Context: Downloaded for a conference call. Signing up for the app didn’t give me an option outside of Basic. Once basic ends there is no pitch for the user to upgrade to pro to continue their call. On their app interface, it is also not intuitive as to how to upgrade. Settings &amp; “User Type” tab doesn’t enable selection of upgrades (Not sure if bug)🤷‍♂️

With that in mind - this app doesn’t want my money nor for me to use it in any significant manner.

2. Buggy Wireless Sync:

Syncing with my airpods dropped me from the conference. 😕

Test 2 - syncing with my Galaxy buds also dropped me from the conference. 😩

3. Chat does not save:
Being able to either 
A) Have an intuitive system to find previous private/everyone chats (if it is the case this is a feature)

or 

B) Actually create the feature of saving chat discussions from meetings outside of the meeting itself.

Taking notes &amp; keeping them are important. Being able to do that from within meetings or retain notes of private chats are equally so. 😢

Overall:
I suspect this could actually be a really good app - it has 4-5 stars, but the UI/UX was not pleasant nor intuitive for my first time. And... I shouldn’t have to look up a Youtube video in order to learn how to interact w/one’s app. 

My committee group chose zoom for a purpose, &amp; I suspect it has it’s value for the person selecting to host via Zoom. But from this first impression I would look through a lot of other competitors before using this app for any of my own business’s virtual meetings. And for informal or private committees really leverage the free alternatives available. 

Bonus for Zoom Developers:
I’m literally most upset that as someone willing to spend money the app didn’t provide that opportunity. Counterintuitive design &amp; lack of product onboarding hurts. Having a prompt for those you start at basic making an ask when their time runs out (even if small) could increase sales, especially if pro is directed at consumers. Even if small-mid sized businesses, if my first experience is from the invite of direct consumer - I’m not buying bulk w/my business if my unrelated individual experience was trash. Lmk when to try this again (4 stars can’t all be bots 😂)

For the Product Skeptic who Made To Cliff Notes:

Lingo Translations:
UI = User Interface (Design)
UX = User Experience (Experience of design)"
"I love zoom, but it’s completely unusable on my iPad—my primary computer—because the app doesn’t support split view or slide over.  A complete deal breaker!

Whenever I’m on a meeting, I’m always taking notes, but I can’t do that because zoom doesn’t allow split view.  If I start slide over on top of the zoom call, my video freezes.

Completely unacceptable for a top notch professional service.

How hard can it be to implement multitasking!!!!!?????

Please please fix this, zoom."
"I had to use this app for a job interview last week, and it did not work well.  I had set everything up in advance, practicing with my iPad, my MacBook and my iPhone, just to be safe.  The 20 minute call was supposed to be at 1:10, so I pressed the connect button at 1:09 and got a screen that said “launching”.  Three minutes later it still said launching “.  So I disconnected and tried again - and get “launching”.  Now I’m five minutes late for the 20 minute interview. So I switch to my iPhone which makes the connection instantly, but I only see video for the first few seconds of the call,  and the audio is only at the minimum level with no option to make it louder.  The black screen kept switching back and forth to one with a green icon of a telephone, still with very minimal  sound.  So I spent the last 12 minutes of what was supposed to be a 20 minute interview across the country with no video and the need to keep repeating questions back to the search committee because I couldn’t hear them.

I may not have gotten this job anyway, but using the Zoom app certainly eliminated any possibility of me being considered for the job."
I have been using this for a while but the audio doesn’t work well but they halve a lot of different options for the audio if yours doesn’t work
"Excellent app. Functional and easy to use.
Great job zoom"
Love this way to talk to folks around the world 🧚🏼‍♀️🧚🏼‍♀️
"Unfortunately, Zoom’s latest release has made the iOS app nearly unusable. Connecting to a meeting results in 5-10 second pauses between actions on an iPhone 11 Pro, making it difficult to interact meaningfully with others since you’re waiting anywhere from 10 to 20 seconds just to see whether you’ve unmute yourself to talk. All UI interactions once a call is going are lagged to the point that falling back to the desktop app is necessary.

I don’t know why a company would put out a major update during the holidays, but this is a terrible gift."
Thanks for making it possible for me to meet with my professors at school. It’s so convenient and easy to access. I also use it for seeing a friend who lives on the other side of the world, and it is fun to see him and his whole exotic world!
Artisnal Work of the Kind of Heart
I use this app for showing up to team calls in my beachbody business. It’s a great way to chat love with everyone.
It’s very hard to communicate with the group
"Love it 
Love it!!!
LOVE IT!!!"
I can meet the toutor with no problem thank you zoom for a amazing experience
Price point is good, works easily and seamless from start to recording transfer.
Zoom makes it easy to connect with people.  The quality of the video and sound are great!
Works so smoothly and is SO EFFECTIVE in reaching people. HIGHLY recommended
Херня.
Convienent app for work / School / PLAY
Reliable ... clear audio and video !! Full functionally for the host ... love it !!
Keeps getting stuck in driving mode when I’m not driving- how can I fix it without losing the live stream?!
Need support for Apple Watch to notify of meetings.  Need to improve the floating bar when you share your screen, keep names and chat windows together on single window.
I work as a physician/researcher with many conferences/meetings on a daily basis. Ever since I started using Zoom, I look forward to these calls. It has been so easy to view files. Also to share screens. Easy to switch modes/mute or do audio or video. The fact it works on iPhone allows for flexibility anywhere. I’ve been telling all my colleagues to switch to this. Thank you!
Audio snags on iPhone troublesome for someone not tech troubleshooting sauve. Fortunately I had my husband next to me for an important meeting and he was able to do trail and error button pushing until  I could hear colleague on other end. .
"Zoom would do well to simply pull this app from the App Store rather than leave it here as a testament to its corporate stupidity. This could be a good app if it were integrated with the iOS calendar and contacts apps—easy integrations that a junior app developer could pull off. But instead, Zoom has chosen to pursue far more clunky integrations with G Suite and Microsoft Exchange. Has anyone at Zoom done a few minutes of online research to understand how the vast majority of iOS users use their devices? And does Zoom know that Google has a competitive offering with Hangouts, whereas Apple does not?

Somebody over there is either too dumb to understand the market or too arrogant to care. Or both! How about both?

Postscript: I received the “developer response to my review below, which simply offers more proof that this company neither knows nor cares what about what it is doing in the iOS space. The bland non-response includes a “link” which I presumably should use to turn my review into a new feature request in the Zoom site. Only problem with that: not only is the link “dead”, I.e. you can’t click on it; but because it is included in the developer response, you can’t even copy/paste it. Now, has anyone at Zoom ever tried themselves to actually *use*?the links they include  in their “developer responses”? [crickets]. Not only have they succeeded in turning a smartphone into a “dumb terminal,” but they have also somehow mastered the art of turning “customer engagement” into the ultimate corporate f*** you. That takes skill!"
There should not be a maximum number of participants when an Enterprise meetings for large organizations are being held.
It’s a great way to see everyone on the call & I like how it highlights the person who is speaking.  It was very clear!!
Says this app is the the ahizniz.
Very very awesome to be able to participate in a meeting of this caliber with participation from around the country!
Excellent clarity. The dependability is superior to prior products for remote access.
This App is really great!!!! You get to have real meetings with people in real time with a great backdrop.
I need to be in a meeting that last the minimum of 60, however the only way I can is to purchase your premium....not right.
Great way to meet over distance!!
We are a corporate webinar client and our broadcast of our Engineering Webinar just cut off out of no where.We have important clients watching👀🙄🙄🙄....Very dissatisfying and embarrassing.
Love that I can connect with women from all over the world!
I didn’t feel like it was easy to learn how to use, but once you get the hang of it, it’s really easy. It works much better than Skype. More reliable. Less bugs.
Reception bad
Camera is turned on automatically and if you turn it off, you get a banner to turn it on and it does not let you see the presentation content.  This should be against privacy rules!
the screen was a little bit fuzzy at times, but it was easy to use. 👍🏼
Because it’s third party I can’t get it to work on iPad, I can’t get access to camera
NO TENGO NADA MAL QUE DECIR, ESTOY FASCINADO, LAS PERSONAS SE CONECTAN EN MIS CONFERENCIAS POR LLAMADA DE TELÉFONO O VIDEOCONFERENCIA SOLO MANDO EL CÓDIGO PARA ENTRAR Y LISTO, WOW! MUY AGRADECIDO CON POR ESTA BENDITA APLICACIÓN.
Love this and I use it all the time
Really enjoy using zoom and I am very new at starting this endeavor
"I am using it from last 3 weeks on new iPhone11.

Sync calendar have issues. Though my account was integrated with outlook, app on this phone is asking reconnect saying ‘your activation expired. Tap to reconnect’ for every 12-24 hours. 
Am using another android phone, have no issues on that and on computer at all.

My colleagues (from same company) are using it from last 1 year on apple phones. They had no issues till today. Am not sure of the version they are using.

Mine is 4.6.2 (14747.1215)"
👍❤️‼️
As long as I have good cell service - this app & service works perfectly 🤗 THANK YOU Zoom ❤️
It only summons Siri! Why?! You can’t even use it to start your next meeting while on the road or commute.You can’t even use
Very easy to access and use
It would be nice if there was split screen capability to use the zoom app AND fully multitask on iPad iOS - right now it takes the whole screen and if you try and multitask/split screen it’s just the “baby tab” that is pretty much just good for the messaging and music apps. Am I making sense. Otherwise happy with it.
Una plataforma que aporta mucho valor. Me encanta es fácil de usar y además gratis la súper recomiendo
"My daddy works here so yeah like I have to give it 5 stars 😀 and it sooo fun face call lake my dad:)
Btw am 8 sooo🙏🙏🙏"
Works fantastic!
Its the best
Please fix the on/off state in the UI for the microphone/mute button. Same in Apple CarPlay. Cannot tell if mic is hot or not. Slight change in color is not helpful when a microphone with a slash through it is displayed in both states. This is important so that co-workers cannot hear my road rage. Thank you.
I refuse to give them camera access (already saved me once from their Macintosh security breach). They bug me every few min when I use the app, knowing my answer has always  been "no". Clear contempt for their customers' choices.  Their mothers would be ashamed even if they were still in kindergarten.
The app floods you with popups asking you to give it access to camera. And by flood i mean you press “ok” and the popup comes right back preventing you from using the app. There is a reason you can deny camera access. Repeatedly spamming you to change your settings is unacceptable
This is a neat app that allows me to challenge myself to set out of my box and reach out to others, without even leaving my home.  It is versatile and user friendly.  I just had a call in my car at my daughter's riding lesson at the ranch and I didn't have to give up something for myself.  Fantastic!
Zoom is an awesome tool for anytime you need to connect people!
When all others fail, zoom app is always my go to meeting app.
Wonderful accessible user friendly
no logré activar el micrófono
We use this for therapy meetings with family. It has revived many family members from being addicted to alcohol. Near the end of an hour we get some freezing sometimes. But it doesn’t stay long. When I taught music lessons I hated skyping and quit. We spent more time trying to get each other reconnected than we did getting instructions. Thank your developers for me! I may resume teaching lessons!
And so easy to to use right away!
AWESOME 👏🏼 😎
Exelent interaction between all parties
Used twice and so far it is really good and convenient.
国内都能基本流畅看
Unable to adjust audio while using on iPad Pro.  Great app beyond that.
Whether it’s the bandwidth or something Else., Connection is often poor both audio n video.  Also my clients often struggle just to connect.  Zoom blames it all on my many clients having poor internet on their end,
Great app👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼Next best thing to in person
It is good cause you can connect width a group #
Doesn’t connect to my corporate calendar on the iOS app even though corp email ID is used. The lamest interface where you cannot schedule a meeting to invite participants to the meeting. Can only schedule a meeting through app with yourself.
Having mute toggle with anything besides an actual “mute” button element is HORRIBLE. Please remove that secondary trigger and keep the mute as a explicit and primary interaction. The convenience gained is drowned by the risk of unwanted audio reaching your meeting.
The app would be great if it actually connected to my calendar.
Zoom is such a powerful, powerful platform to bring people together and share ideas, information, and influence.  We use it to facilitate the sharing of takeaways and ah-ha’s as we take deep-dive studies into the work of great thinkers like Napoleon Hill, Wallace D. Wattles, James Allen, and others. I use it to conduct our monthly investment club meetings. And I also use it to facilitate a weekly mastermind group. Again, the uses for Zoom are countless. Yep, it’s definitely a “Game Changer!”
I teach math at a university, and I use Zoom in my classes for students who cannot physically meet. For example, I am currently teaching a class with four local students and seven more in another town 25 miles away, and we all connect via Zoom. It does require some effort to follow all relevant regulations (e.g. students receiving some types of financial aid are required to physically attend at least one class session per week, so I’m here on Mondays and there on Wednesdays), but it’s worth it to be able to combine two sets of students into one reasonably sized class. It’s also great to be able to record my lectures and post them for students to be able to re-watch them later.
Love Zoom on all platforms. My company uses it for all out videos calls and we really like it.
This app is good but the one feature it is missing is that you cannot split the screen and pull up another app at the same time you are using Zoom. I take all of my class notes on my iPad and some of my lectures are done through Zoom. Most other apps allow you to condense it down and split so you can take notes and look at someting else at the same time but not Zoom. This is anoying because now I have to take half of my notes in a separate notebook. Please update this feature for the app, it would be incredibly helpful!
Hello, we use this app as an interactive tool for listeners to our station’s podcasts. You have taken away one’s ability to raise a hand on the IOS app. Please fix this or explain why.
I had a interview twice on there each one could ended up say they could hear but not see plus when u request help they don’t i will let it be known to use google meet
Good
Yes I’m Haik’USA Facebook login app
Use Zoom to meet with friends as well as organization meetings easy and convenient
Weak at best. It won’t allow you to record so for me it’s useless
Disappointed with the latest version with collapsed replies. Please restore the original behavior where we can see all the replies without explicitly expanding.
Period
Me sale un error
The app tutorial states you can record to cloud after clicking button but there’s no such button on basic version of Zoom. Have had so many problems posting discussions for assignments. All video files saved to my Picture file exceed limits to email files. There should be feature to compress video file data size.
Chào các bạn đến với học online của HVTC :))))
My f
Always have periods of audio and video going in and out. Could also be my internet but I don’t think it is every time!
"Where would we be without ZOOM!!?!!! It’s the next biggest think to keep up with your friends, family, and we can all be on the same call!!

LOVE IT. LOVE IT. LOVE IT. LOVE IT. LOVE IT."
This app is excellent, but when I tried to unlock my iPhone while the app is running, I had to tap the lock screen 3 times.
"I usually use Skype or Cisco webex at work. This version of zoom standard is very easy to get up and running.  The free version gives you enough time 40 minutes to hold most online meetings. I utilize my iPad tablet or my hp laptop of which both are easy to create and start a meeting presentation. 
Thank you for the ease at which this app works. 
Michael Jurek"
Absolutely adore this app.
"I believe everybody knows coronavirus in China
I am quite happy for longer holiday 
But this great app can let my school do online teaching and give HUGE amount of homework to me.I am full of hatred now.
I WANT MY HOLIDAY!!!
P.s you can go to see the comment of the DingTalk,most of the Chinese students use that app to do online learning.

Thx"
"Voice quality is very good. 
Video quality needs some improvement."
Shouldn’t be this tough to just directly connect the phone mic to the app.
"Love the ability to share iOS screens!

It makes support so much easier; saves time and headaches. Setup is fast & easy and the service is speedy. Free, too!"
I tried to participate in a meeting with my IPHONE but they went too fast and I had no idea what was going on and I could not see the icons they referred to.
what  a  bad app  to  use
I love the simplicity of zoom!!!
Doesn’t work with my AirPods.
Does the Zoom App record and play back meetings?
A lot of people have a hard time getting on the Zoom with all the hoops you got to jump through to get on. People always break through the Mute when they are not Muted or when first get on the Zoom webinar. I remember Go Too Meeting did not have all these problems?
Perfect !!!
Was something Else, sorry
App is good but need some tuning with screen sharing and also having it available on roku and othe tv apps
Best video conferencing app on the market!
"It’s an ok app. My biggest issue is that I can’t type in chat, when I’m on the screen goes away. It doesn’t seem to be friendly with the IOS. I’ve had this issue for about 2yrs. 
Then when I’m trying to go search on my phone to share things I can’t, because it’s hard to get to the screen."
The quality of audio & video and connection was far better than I’ve ever experienced on ZOOM Thank You
By far this is the best video conferencing tool i have used so far. Easy menu, extraordinary video quality and voice quality
I like Zoom very much , because it bring back the direct contact as you are used too. In today’s world you don’t have much direct contact with anyone. I have problems with Zoom , because I don’t know about HI-TECH. But, I am learning through trail and error and reading. Shalom
Like
User needs to be able to control of which e-mail to send to invitees to conference calls. Re-connecting during meets is annoying, it does not motivate the user to pay to have more time. Everyone I deal with does not pay. Meeting usually last a half an hour anyway.
It’s just a scam to take your money and they don’t allow you to cancel.
麻痹就想着收集客户隐私，槽。
One of my professional organizations uses Zoom for planning calls as well as actually virtual meetings and it works very well. Having access on multiple devices is a real plus!
Having issues with playing back the recordings on my iPad. I’ll start it, plays for a couple of seconds then it stops. I’ll hit  play it again, it plays for a few seconds and stops again. I tried this on my iPhone. No issues. Sound like bug with the iPad.
Bad
"I continue to be impressed with the quality of this platform.

I just completed a 1 1/2 hour conversation with a dozen people, as if we were sitting together in the same room."
Mature.
"Hi,

I’m a heavy Zoom user and heavily use the call-me feature.

The challenge: I have more than 20 call back numbers due to different locations, conference rooms, etc.

What’s needed is a feature that allows me to add an optional nick name to my list of call-back numbers.

Thanks for considering."
I really love this App. My son’s counselor told me about this and to download it and I get to see my son every time we do family therapy it has helped us to stay more connected with each other. I would like to say thank you to all the people whom developed this app, thank you.🙂👍😊
I attend conference calls and need to take side by side notes. This does not work with that but other apps like Join.me and Google hangouts do. Do not recommend if you want to multi-task at all.
Really like how you can attend a meeting
I love zoom so much it’s so awesome!
If you want to join a SIP call, you have no intuitive way to connect. It is buried down in New Meeting ... This UI is also constantly changing. Not a good user experience.
App turns on microphone when connecting to a call even after manually turned off in app using "Always mute my microphone". Unfortunately turning it off on iPhone settings also disable audio.
"All incoming calls have low volume audio while my outgoing calls have loud clear audio 
Can’t figure out why"
Start supporting browser calls. I’m tired of having to download this app once a month just to have a call with a company that uses it
I don’t use a PC or MAC and needed to utilize the free options offered with Zoom for a temporary class I’m in for a few months.  One of the FREE options on the free zoom account is to record and save to, however, Zoom will not allow you to record on your iOS device unless you pay for a Pro plan.  After several back and forths with customer service, they just completely stopped responding to my emails and were of zero help.  Highly do not recommend this app if you need to do recordings
"Zoom is very educated and reliable for many reasonsm

Reason 1: in my last few videos, everything was disasters until my teacher got hold of the mute button. If it was any other video program, it would probably still be full of disasters.

Reason 2: My teacher had us use “chat” and it was super fun because EVERYBODY could see us chat! And it was like text messages! It was sooooooo fun!

Reason 3: zoom has a thing called pen, and so when my teacher switched to a blank page on her computer, we all got to play hangman! I will never forget that day!

Reason 4: my teacher could really have problems letting everybody see what we need to see: our Robin Hood fix it grammar. But with zoom, she successfully shared her screen with no problems.

Here are some parts that needs improvements:

Part 1: I accidentally muted myself and when I tried to unmute it, it said the HOST muted me! Seriously? You may want to fix the muting system. I went on the rest of class without anyone knowing what I said.

Part 2: audio. I was listening to my classmates talk and half of their sentence got cut off I was embarrassed to ask, so I never really knew what they said.

Part 3: when I went on zoom the first time, our teacher made us mute ourselves. I never really did, but the people who did had to make the teacher unmute them. To distracting for a teacher, please make it teacher-Friendly.

Zoom is good, but should make some improvements."
Zoom is amazing for meetings! It’s smooth and simple as someone attending. It’s easy to navigate and I’m not overwhelmed!
"I like how you can call and chat or even send messages 
Dr James Goodman"
Tại sao ko có tiếng Anh, tiếng Nhật Hàn hay tiếng qq gì ai mà dùng đc?
This app is stupid doesn’t work
The best thing ever
When I am year 2 I use zoom
Right now the coronavirus is nig we can not go to school, so I use ZOOM to talk with teachers and friends
I’m sure the app works fine ... once you’ve managed to join a meeting. I just needed Zoom to join one meeting. I found every step of the login/verification to be cumbersome and/or faulty. I was not able to join the meeting. Perhaps the meeting organizer could have made the process clearer, but I found Zoom’s interface to be totally unclear, and I had to click through various “confirmation” emails, some of which were promised to be delivered and were not. Just a very frustrating experience.
We have our sales and marketing meetings via zoom and it allows us to consistently have the meetings without having to deal with physical travel. Absolutely love and recommend this service to any business or team.
Can’t copy and paste the meeting ID from a calendar item into the meeting id field.
Thank you Jonathan and Zach! You both are knowledgeable, patient and made it so easy to understand what is needed to get our brand up and running. Y’all are great and I recommend business warrior to every business! Thank you team! And thank you Rhett for bringing this into our business!
"This technology is simply awesome.  It allows my organization to build globally, still providing a high touch with everyone whom we connect.  

I’d highly recommend Zoom to everyone."
Efficient and excellent way of holding group meetings! Thank you so much!
Best app out there for what is does!
It’s preee nice main
"- no way to access audio controls to turn on speakerphone during calls
- defaults to Driving Mode when I am sitting at home and don’t even own a car
- no way to get out of the Settings screen without hitting “cancel” which does not actually cancel any changes you made (this should be labeled ‘done’ or similar)
- defaults to hiding the mute / hide toggles and other often used buttons 

Definitely NOT a well-tested and refined UX."
My husband and I use this to conference with our accountant, and it is the perfect next level of feeling like we are in the same room!
The connection was good, the sound was clear, the extension of time was very helpful.
It’s good
I just used zoom for the first time today. Everything was fine with the APP itself, I just called and wanted to ask a question and the employee I spoke with could not have been more rude! Yes I had called zoom instead of the provider I spoke to; however it was an honest mistake. A little courtesy goes a long way. I will not recommend this service to anyone
Yes
Eehheeeye
Super hard to use,can’t fix problem
I had disconnected in the midlife of the Zoom and it didn’t allow me to veo in again.
Amaze though there’s a sudden static?
My school was supposed to be closed but because of this app online class will be held.
I have not used this long enough to give other feedback.
"This app is incapable of switching audio outputs. Switching from car audio to headset and the audio drops entirely. Have to force close and restart app. Headset to speaker, same deal. 

Also breaks every time you switch networks. Go from LTE to WiFi and everything stops. Have to force close and restart app. 

I can schedule meetings but not shown my scheduled meetings?! So now I have to manually put in all scheduled meetings instead of showing them to me like the desktop app. 

Quality life is poor. iPhone 8 Plus. 13.3.1."
Connection quality better than Webex.
I don’t know why you NEED to put in your email. It’s not like they NEED your email. You should be able to get the app and start your own meeting. Not have to log in with your EMAIL. But somehow you can join a meeting.
Occasional minor interrupted signal.  Quite good overall
Excellent - The Zoom tech is perfect. Thanks!!
I’ve been using zoom for years. My kids have grown up being able to video chat/regular call relatives all over the globe. No idea why some people can’t figure out the basic functions, just press the right button for Peet’s sake ...
I love the app but the time limit for calls is lame
محي
Love the variable access Zoom gives to connect with others instantly!
Love this app when it works, but my experience has been that it constantly has to reload. The screen freezes, the sound drops out & then it automatically reloads itself & is fine for a little while.
I am just getting started
Hit me up on zoom!
Such a power packed white board. I would highly recommend it. Even the free version is packed so you know the paid version is feature rich.
"This app took over my iPhone 11 Pro. I downloaded it for a webinar (which worked as expected) then deleted the app but somehow it was stuck ending a call I didn’t make, it was glued to my startup screen, I couldn’t kill it, I couldn’t shut down my phone, and it hijacked my car’s Bluetooth.  I couldn’t hang up, I couldn’t shut off my car’s radio, it took over everything. 

I sent an urgent request, tried to chat online, tried to call support but unless you’re a paid subscriber, you can’t access help. Screw that. Somehow my phone did a freak out and I was able to shut it down to get rid of this insidious app with no support.  Never again."
Just trying to set it up so I can do video appointments with my doctor. But it keeps telling me to “join the meeting”. I just want make it’s all set when it’s time. It also doesn’t seem to work anyway.
Why is it we can not see previous HOA meetings anymore from A1A condo park in Melbourne Beach Florida???
during session
Called me mean names, gave me depression, and they are huge donors to Trump!!!
STOP RUINING MY DAYS OFF WHEN MY SCHOOL IS CLOSED
This app is trash deserves 0 stars
Overall, Zoom is pretty good. However,  I do not know if the meeting host can control (mute) the sound of other participants. If not, I strongly suggest Zoom to add such function. During a meeting, when any participant is not muted, the sound is disturbing and the quality of host’s sound seems compromised.
Just works
It works great
Lol
Ok
.
Garbage
No words needed
"Very hard to use 
Laggy 
Garbage"
We have to have this app for online school by I have received hundreds of unwanted spam emails.  Do not use until it’s fixed!
It’s so bad now I have online school it’s like they canceled school for no reason
Too Many emails !!!!
I got over 200 emails in two minutes that all for the same zoom event. Don’t have time for this, dumping zoom.
This application is constantly kicking me off. My account is being temporarily suspended on the weekly basis. Don’t recommend
This was terrible. I couldn’t keep it open for more than 20 seconds
My school is using this app because of the COVID-19. I have only used it once and it looks very good. Thank you.
Host ID IS NO WHERE TO BE FOUND
this is awful and the service is trash. cannot focus or learn or conference </3
Zoom is the most versatile group meeting application I know of.  The ease of use and ability for such a large range of devices to be used makes it my first choice.
国外的钉钉，给一星就对了
Worst. Incredibly slow!
So helpful for team communication. I could not recommend this app any more!
bad app
The stream keeps lagging.
Shit stream, poor voice quality. Hindering my education
"This has become my daily spirit addiction. Wisdom of the Sages helps you become a better human. If you commute for work I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this be your audio. Raghunath & Kaustubha keep you engaged while making the ancient teachings relevant. The R & K
are the perfect match. They claim to not be the Sages but for me in my life they very much are. Much love & gratitude to both Raghunath & Kaustubha. 🙏🏻🧡✨"
Its a stupid app
very laggy and unresponsive.
Does not work at all! Do not get this app! My class tried it and we connected to a random person who was very mean
Terrible
Terrible like really bad like really really really bad
Definitely not worth downloading. There are too many connection issues.
Was using this app for a conference call and it froze many times and made the call almost impossible.
worst app ever, it spams ur phone, gave me a virus and it’s horrible. it ruined my phone now it’s all glitched. terrible app. sent random photos from my camera roll out because of a “glitch”. ruined my career
Calls kept breaking up
This has to be one of the worst face-to-face conference apps by far. The interface and method of sharing recorded videos is bizarre to say the least. I am a student using this for classes that are online, and the app makes me sign in through my university, but my username and password don’t work on the actual app. I have to sign in online and then open the conference in the app. How does that make any sense? Please fix this problem, it has grown from irksome to anger-inducing in a crunch.
Our Bible Study Fellowship groups cannot meet in person right now so having Zoom to still “meet” together is such a blessing!
Zoom is a very good idea. A little too difficult to access some of the helps built in while using the app. Needs a larger more complete list of all that is available. Takes too much time away from the conference call to find out how to change name from item being used to person’s name, for instance. Why did my audio keep switching off? One reason could be because I can’t use while driving. How to turn that off? My “driving” was an Acorn stairlift between floors!
Won’t even open and when it does it glitches
While the picture quality is very good, the sound cuts out frequently during audio calls.
Laggy and unresponsive. Does not work very well.
it called me the nword
Why
Chinese students have the right idea
Did not work
didn’t enjoy this app it sucked
its terlybul your honor its really terraboo
"Audio and video had lots of interference and noise. Tried to use zoom in an interview and it was nearly unusable. Zoom needs to work on their user experience. 
Not suitable for classes or business purposes"
It is dumb.
Zoom is great
"I spent 55 minutes trying to log into a conference just now. I could not. The “directions” I attempted to follow were laced with confusing words that are no a part of a normal American’s lexicon. I was led around in circles by messages that said I was using the wrong browser, that my input was being blocked, and at least a dozen times that I had to install Zoom, of which there at least a half dozen sub-apps.

Want my opinion? You can take this app and stick it where the sun don’t shine."
Can’t believe I have to pay 70000 for this
So great
very slow and hard to use
Bad connection and harder to understand professor
terrible
I wanna look good for online classes even if I woke up 5min before!!
This app is horrible.   Could not rely on it for remote meetings.   Very disappointed with the app
I hate this app
Horrible app do not recommend getting during the corona virus epidemic
Mediasite is better.
worst app ever. can barely function. not worth the time to install. just use skype. should be removed. it can’t even read
Terrible app, interface is hard to use
This is a horrible app and should be removed front the App Store immediately!
Genuinely not it tbh
This app is super bad
Read above.
this app has too many bugs and is a pain to use.
Ever since I downloaded this awful application, my phone has been acting slow and it is frustrating. The video calls and sound are never clear and I would never recommend this app to anyone. 👎
Will not allow me to sign up. No help feature — not good!
This is a terrible app.
Really Bad and laggy
BAD
It is very glitchy and I can not hear any thing I rather use Skype
Awful connection
Rate it one star
Did not work for me
Worst app for meetings
no schoolllllll
awful app crashes everytime
Invasion of privacy and some stalker tried to kome in my houme he looked as derreagend as ligting mcquen form caws.
Dosen’t work
Bad app would give 0 but not an option
Very bad app, terrible for learning, horrible
bad interface
My schools online now and this shit is pretty dank. Hope I don’t get virus
The app is terrible and should not be used
Terrible app
who here is from sac state and now you gotta download this bs because the in-person courses you signed up for have to go online
Dudhhdh
Bad app
Coronavirus is the only reason I’m using this app but it be pretty dope
doesn’t work. audio is terrible
Thx
trash
I don’t want to have to do online school
Laggy and slow. Doesn’t work for me.
Imagine Skype. Now imagine absolutely no money was put into it. Now imagine it was made by a 17 year old for a computer science class project. Now imagine that kid had an A+ already so he didn’t care if he bombed this assignment or not because it wouldn’t effect his grade and he is just done with school at the time of making it.
There is no way in hell that I will have online classes for the rest of the semester without adequate accommodations. Please don’t expect students to be able to attend their classes regularly and without sufficient change under these circumstances.
Imagine not having school
TERRIBLE. WRITE MORE 1 STAR REVIEWS SO IT GETS DELETED OF THE APP STORE. CARONA IS TOO STRONG LOL
i just wanna sleep :)
Really nice meeting was very helpful in working with depression and pain and things that could help!!
Buggy and unresponsive
"I use it for online school and 
 it is great I really enjoy it"
Just no.
This app always lags and it is impossible to get work done
i can’t use this crappy platform 2 learn :( cmon zools (zoom fools) i don’t think u can accommodate all of us schools.. can ya ...
It was laggy and it kept blacking out even when I had 4 bars do not get it.
too many ppl using app:( all across the nation... servers are slow! pls eliminate this app from the universe
Bad it was bad
theyre using it for online class. in the middle of a pandemic. youre joking.
0
I got racist and sexist yeah
Is bad
Not good app
TERRIBLE
Unsuccessful with Video. Only able to conference vocally. Chickadee
why is my chat get disabeld
Buggy and crashes
I found that zoom uses up too much of my system’s data
It is amazing for all my uses!!!
It also slows my phone down a lot and the meetings are very slow and lag.
School was cancelled due to COVID19, and they used this. I have to say I’m impressed. It’s fast and reliable, plus connection is crystal clear.
Title
Terrible app
The app seems fine but I don’t like online classes thank u that is all
bad app, a no go from me
Horrible app
Crashes constantly, terrible substitution for class, I would rather get coronavirus than use this!! GPA = destroyed
Not a great app
i have to do online school now bc if corona and it’s so laggy it barely works
Cannot use this app, crashes numerous times. This app is not ready to hold a video call let alone have an entire university depend on it to complete their academic semester
Technical difficulties and lagging booo
.zzz
Get this app off the store I don’t want to chat online with my teacher because of corona. Thank you
Can’t use properly
💩💩💩💩💩💩
app lập ra làm loz què gì v
Excellent
It’s the worst app ever! I just can’t believe how bad the audio is and I can’t see anything even tough I have an iphone Xr
I like it  this software. When I online teaching children Chinese are so good. And then I can use any video from computer. So good!
Did not reach the minimum quality’s of a well run business app. Will Not recommend to others
Very happy with using zoom
No me gusta es very gay
Its just an awful app
not good
SCARY
Stupid
Bad app
Slowww and laggy
Rate it one star. If you’re out for the coronavirus, rate all apps one star to remove them from the App Store. No one wants work, so why not right?
Ruined my school experience. Poor environment for the students. An absolute disaster to work through.
I tried using it. It buzzes, and it’s very static, I couldn’t hear anything anyone was saying
App doesn’t work, everytime I open a link an 8 second video of a name pops up, cant learn
Laggy
can’t believe this exists
EVERYONE RATE IT ONE STAR SO ITS TAKEN OFF THE APP STORE AND THERE ARE NO MORE ONLINE QUARANTINE CLASSES!!!! HELP A QUARANTINED STUDENT IN NEED!
If a any app on the app stores gets below a one star review it gets deleted help delete this so that I don’t have school during the Coronavirus
Very bad it discriminates against minorities
Super buggy and unresponsive, feels incomplete
Online school check 🥺
Stop online classes
"With our entire workforce working  remotely from Home, Zoom keeps us connected and cohesively together.  We have even scheduled a remote zoom lunch for next week.  

Be safe out there."
Why do people keep making apps that do not work! I was constantly kicked off and then I could not rejoin a group. So frustrating!!!
great for online school work... especially with the coronavirus. definitely would recommend using this for school.
It’s annoying, not fully needed.
Not worth it
so 1 star
terrible app
My university is forcing us to use this app, don’t like it.
Doesn’t work just glitches no point to use it
Used Zoom for the first time yesterday as classes were moving from face-to-face to an online environment due to the COVID-19 outbreak. I was able to connect to my classroom using a meeting ID seamlessly, and finished my lecture without any interruptions. Students were able to use the chat function to ask questions if they did not want to enable their microphone, and were able to ask questions via the “hand raise” function. The only thing that I believe isn’t working is the “thumbs up” function and “clap” function because I did not notice any feedback when I used it. Overall it’s easy and quick to use as you don’t even have to make an account.
This is gay
It gave me corona! I tried to log in and it hacked my identity
It tries to steal my identity and information. BE CAREFUL
terrible app, dont use for school
Using this for school online and it’s hard to use TRASH
I’I’m
this app is laggy and i cannot hear anything in my conference because of it
It’s so bad I could puke out the food out of myself
I took part today in a four-hour conference call today using the Zoom app. Was very impressed by its stability and ease of use.
useless
do it for crchs
Zoom was bad. i couldn’t go to the bathroom.
I don’t like school
Great job ruining my holiday with countless sections of working and school, great app by the way
Extremely annoying app,It demands attention literally 24/7.
It bad
Worst app
My school is using it for online because of corona
Not stable
Terrible app and it tries to steal money
Had to use for the corona virus very helpful
ehh
It literally doesn’t work and i am very angry right about now...
Literally doesn’t work
This app doesn’t work
Don’t get this app
It should be taken down by the government
Need help option in real time. No option for iPad.
Trash
Sooo bad this app should be deleted
bad app
My school closed down because of the corona virus so my teacher told us the get this app.
Reeeee
Lagged quite a bit during lecture kept pausing
...
I would rather get COVID-19 than use this app.
Học sinh thời nay quá mệt mỏi rồi, cần cho họ nghỉ chứ. Học lắm học lốn rồi ko vào nhé=(( Cả năm có mỗi cái dịp nghỉ hè mà cũng lấy của tụi nó thì ai chịu nổi hả??? Làm thế này là ý bảo nghỉ dịch thay nghỉ hè chứ j??? Này nhá, hè gì mà bài tập nhiều thế??? Định hại người hay gì??? Nghĩ lại đi, nói chung là app này ko nên tồn tại=(( behidndhvdbehvwgaubvđcmmmmvshsgvshdhdvsmlllllllgsygdbeid
It’s always crashing, doesn’t work
The app doesn’t meet the expectation and should be taken down. It doesn’t have a reliable network connection and the meeting always tend to disconnect. This app is also being used for teaching students in school which is not reliable by any means as the classes cut off every now and then
Very very
App install due to coronavirus inline class pakistan
no schools plz
Very bad
I couldn’t get connected to any of my classes and the ones I did most didn’t have audio. Wouldn’t recommend.
Zoom won’t allow me to change my email
"This app is so easy to use and the free version has useful features. 
I’m seriously considering upgrading, because I’m already impressed...so I’m curious to see how much more awesome the paid app is"
I didn’t know anything about this cloud meeting app until a class that I’m taking, picked this one to use for the classes.The only thing I think needs improvement, is finding the persons link who’s having the actual meeting.When I schedule for next class, my personal link id comes up instead of the persons class it is. On a whole the app is great and I haven’t any problems besides the one I listed above. Do try and make the app a little easier for ppl who aren’t as tech savvy as others are. Thanks in advance!
Pure garbage hate it
Very laggy
Zoom trumps all other video chat apps. Solidly reliable
I love the features it offers
Ok
This just doesn’t work 1 star
Zoom rocks! Extraordinary technology that is remarkably reliable. This software is extremely valuable and useful. ZOOM has truly changed the world in a positive and constructive way. Thank you to the founder of ZOOM. You are a true visionary.
STOP DESTROYING.
Best platform ever
This is really just a bad app to use. Terrible quality all around.
Very slow. Didn’t work. It was soooo bad. I also have to do this and I don’t want to do it
Terrible
Really bad
Thanks Coronavirus
I was doing zoom for online school and the app is so slow that it took a long time to close the camera and I stood up in my underwear because i clicked to turn off camera 5 minutes before and everyone saw my hello kitty boxers and now I’m shy 😞👉👈
bad app
I got this for my work, nothing ever loads. I can never see people, it’s always glitched. Worst thing ever.
PTL
Now because if this, we have school while we’re supposed to be at home vibing
Works perfectly. Good voice connections.
SEND HELP PLEASEEEEEE
Virtual classes laggy, and did not work as i expected it to
Would give this app 0 stars if possible lost a huge client do to the hardness or using this app.
It’s great
Completely dysfunctional and very complicated to use
Terrible functionality with large groups. Difficult to communicate with so many people
Terrible app.
I do not like remote learning
Laggy and terrible sound
Tried to cancel but no one at customer service. I would not recommend
It says I paid for this. No notice of what it cost and just takes the payment with no notice or confirmation.  Whatttttt?
very poopy. not gonna lie
The integrations and add-ons and monthly improvements continue to drive this solution from the #1 spot to a level that is beyond reach from their competition.  Ease of use, functionality and so many other incredible features make this maybe my 10th review written in history.
"Used for more than one organization 
I find it fairly intuitive for me."
Simple to host. Easy to join. Sufficient power. Outstanding support!
Doesn’t work
Bad
I hate this app. Absolutely horrible.
This is the worst app i have ever seen in my life and idk why you put it on here. Im switching yo android.
not good whatsoever. not pleased with this app or it’s content
This app is useless take it down worst app ever
You literally can’t do anything.
Ugh
Horrible
not good app
Plz
Zoom never works! I do not recommend zoom !
This app is the reason my life is in ruins
Very good!
app is trash
Bad application
This is what I’ve reached in life studying from my iPhone with a Barbie in my video chat
Zoom is the best way to keep informed with your groups and keep safe !! Download today !
"You can talk to your classmates and your teacher🤢🤢🤢
School is B4B"
Coronavirus
Lo
This about to be very strange.
Awesome tool to connect with family and friends. Love it!
Zoom is great, but the iPadOS app does not have feature parity with with Mac client. One the features that brought our school to Zoom was the the ability to use Breakout Rooms which great students and larger teacher teams. However, as best I can tell you can only initiate and manage Breakout Rooms on the Mac client and not the iPad app. Would be good to add this feature for iPad first communities.
Useless
Probably a good app, but I don’t want to do school
We just met with our 11 children over zoom. With the pause in church meetings because of covid19 we held our own church meeting together. ❤️
No video available
Not the best. Skype is better
This app constantly has interruptions, connections are never smooth, terrible UI, and it is not at all worth downloading
I DONT LIKE THIS ITS CREEPY
.
App no work good
bad
This is the best thing
The app sometimes will just stop showing my meetings and I have to go back into them
Kept crashing
Unable to use virtue background
We are studying with this app, please! Destroy this app, because this destroys my future
Laggy and doesn’t work
Just no
Horrible quality
So many people on it the servers aren’t ready. Can’t log in for classes
I haven’t even used it yet but I can already tell it’s gonna be good.
noooo i can&#39;t just have a 3 week break i have to do online studies thanks zoom 🙄
Why can’t the default skin tone be in the middle, not everyone is a white man.
shshdkdj
Makes it great to work during the coronapocalypse!
This app has made so much possible. It has allowed me to access therapy and meditation groups. And in light of what’s going on it will be invaluable to maintaining connection. Well done!
Ads for pornography were popping up during my business call
Bruh, it’s bad. :/
i’m done with online school
worst app i’ve downloaded, didn’t work, should be taken off the app store, the quality of this app is so bad it’s criminal
It’s bad
terrible video quality and not user friendly at all.
I dislike every moment of it.
Couldn’t chat from the app
You can have meetings with tons of useful features.
Bad quality
Extremely slow. only caused problems. Utterly useless. Do yourself a favor and download something else. Makes a joke out of apple.
Band kro band kro khule me hagna band kro
Crazy times
This app is bad thanks to apps like this during the virus I can do my school work from home
Corona time
Makes the boring boardroom meetings redundant. I achieved the same outcome in the comfort of my home and drank a great whisky at the same time. Hallelujah
This app has ✨big gay 🏳️‍🌈✨™️.
So yeah I’ve been using it for like a week I guess and I mean it’s a good concept but they’ve been getting rid of stuff basic accounts can do and adding it to Pro, sooooo that’s why it’s three stars
Can’t seem to get this to work at all.  Hours of my life I’ll never get back. Tried to only leave 1 star but the feedback would not be accepted.  It keep saying that the “nickname was taken”
Zoom is truly saving lives. Get the app and stay at home.
It’s lit
I find this app useful
cannot find a way to list out upcoming meetings with my professors, which seems like it would be important. if i can’t find it and it’s on there, it’s either not labelled well enough or it’s more hidden than it should be.
"It is called ZOOM but you cannot zoom in on the whiteboard. LIKE WHAT I wish I could leave a 0 star review 🤮WHY IS IT SO LAGGY

thank you for coming to my ted talk.
goodbye."
Use Skype
Connection is horrible and I can’t make it seem to work. Ever.
The video Quality is really poor and audio keeps breaking up
This app lets you join a meeting and do your work you can also chat in this app!
No
When I put my phone number I did not receive the sms verification code
can we kill this and not do school all day at home? 🤮🤮 pls and thank u 😊😊
Just give me a break plz
Great app. Ability for financial advisory to share data with clients live from one site to reach others in a safe environment.
"It’s unbelievable. 
You would think by now someone could make a competent app that works well for teachers trying to educate their students.
Nope. 
This app is another miserable example of a failed classroom app. 
Awful, wouldn’t recommend."
Used this for a job interview and it wouldn’t work, constant audio issues, even though my speakers work, and connection problems with colleagues attempting to join the meeting.
absolutely horrible keeps crashing
So glitchy
I can’t believe how bad this app is.
So there is this virus 🦠 and it is called covid-19 so we couldn’t see are teachers 👩‍🏫so we got on this amazing 😉 app so we could talk to our teachers
A life saver in the time of a novel coronavirus.
Very easy to use...
Pathetic
Not stable enough for a class that I paid money for. That’s gotta be a no from me dawg
this app worked for one meeting, then afterwards would not let me log into anything on the website OR the app. would not recommend at all.
I love ❤️ Zoom pls pls get it to have fun with friends and family your not with at the time
Well I guess my Uni classes are going to be on here the rest of the year.
All the most recent reviews are just tiktok kids not wanting online school so don’t listen to them it a good app 😂
TRASH!!! This is ridiculous i am not using this for school. bye
I don’t get this app, how is this going to work for us as students
他们都是小人
Super laggy can’t complete my college courses
Alot of ppl are prolly getting this app because of online classes due to corona. Coronaaaaa
It’s glitches a lot
period.
It’s horrible don’t download it carry’s the boomer remover...
I’m only here cuz school is shut down because of the corona virus.
This app is so unorganized and unprofessional. NEVER USE AGAIN!!!
The whole app is confusing and doesn’t work well with a lot of people on the call when you do get it working
We have to use this for school due to covid a d every time I try and make an account it won’t let me
mac and ios can’t connect audio to hear others
it was very laggy and had many bugs and was not ment for ipads it was constantly lagging for everyone and is overall a bad app
Every time I try to go to class or crashes and freezes. Really bad
"On the iPad, the landscape view is sized incorrectly and crops the original feed from the host. This is an issue because when screen sharing, the screen is cropped and what you see is not what others see.

Sizing seems to be correct on other devices like a laptop, iPhone, and Samsung galaxy in other orientations."
Can’t even open the app without crashing
Absolute rubbish, what a waste of time
OMG
Just cancel school, I don’t wanna do online class
It is a great app, I just have a question how do i see who annotates on the Whiteboard
No
Lags too much and crashes too
Excellent
This app is a disaster literally any app that has a calling feature is better
Bad app.
Your application has made it possible for me to interact with my homeland from LA to Switzerland, seamlessly, and has allowed me to prepare for this trying times. 7472735350 SwissCenterLA - THANK YOU
An advertisement of this app called zoom was there on YouTube and the man in the advertising said that this app will give you free fortnite v bucks it’s been a month and I’m still waiting
This app gets on my nerves
Crap
Bad app would not recommend at all
Zoom has been essential during this time of social distancing to work remotely and to spend quality time with friends and ft. I’m very grateful this exists.  It’s also easy to use on my phone and on my computer.
This app is terrible
For those working from home, homeschooling, and keeping it real with friends across the world... sometimes Zoom birthday parties even... this virtual meeting space is perfect for NOW. Love in the time of Corona... but awesome ALL the time.
come on Zoom? No upgrade feature in app.  Also pop ups in the website... plus no tie in to apple pay ... get with the times.
Bad app slow and laggy
This app is annoying so take a 5 star review
Terrible and confusing interface skype is way better and less glitchy
Terrible usability. Super unintuitive. Very underwhelmed. Do not recommend.
Unbelievable
Horrible app. Makes me want to shoot myself
Does not work well for all users.
Good application. Very useful
During the shutdown it had been imperative for us to be in contact with each other.  Thanks to zoom we can stay connected!
okay
I was using zoom and I thought it was pokey mon go. Apparently it is nit pokey mon go so it is a bad app
The quality was poop. There were weird noises.
Don’t buy
As a first time user logging in for distance learning class, it only took approx 15 mins prior to class to click the link my professor sent, download the app, and enable video & audio. All set!
This ain’t it 😂😂😂
I could hear not see and the help box is a waste of a click
Your teachers give to much homework.
So hard to get in that’s all and I haven’t even gotten in so...
Inconceivable amount of network issues, as is not built for efficiency, this has cost me not only my time but my sanity, as the interface is like a labyrinth, I would be better off taking a failed class in my schooling as that is what the result of this terror of an app would be anyway.
Zoom sets the standard for internet conferencing
Good value for your money
I came across the app and read that during this crisis (COVID-19) you could use ZOOM basic and not be shut down at 40 minutes into a meeting. Not so was shut down last night in a meeting.
I can understand the feelings of your foreign friends. I thought that China would also take classes on the online platform.
this app would be awesome if it was made in 2000. the most antiquated website, completely impossible to understand even after the tutorials, not to mention the website does not allow you to login or create an account without running into a “unexpected error” with no explanation or way to contact support. In way over its head. I would not ever use this or recommend this to anyone ever
I usually don’t write reviews but sir danish gussa so i review. I approve your app.
Worthless
Despite the students wanting to learn from the home, the app does not have clear audios. Sometimes i can hear my sir but not see him on the screen??????
Kool
Honestly this app is garbage and i require this app to be completely wiped out of the app store and play store, complete utter garbage.
Took all of my free time
Hate ts.
Ok so Zoom is amazing because you can chat with your friends and stuff best game ever
Kekeke
Horrible
Terrible app. Nothing but trouble and frustration
Has a ton of lag
just used it last night; what a great way to interact while isolating!
! Of course no phone number
It was good
Was able to be part of a yoga class this morning. During this period of social distancing , this was a way not to feel so isolated!!!!
Software for mac is very poorly thought out as every time it changes windows it asks for access to the microphone. Its highly invasive unnecessary.  Also auto maximizing is frustrating to say the least and i urge academia to find a better platform as opposed to this abomination that lacks functionality (multiple view windows) and is less frustrating to privacy concerned users.
Totally unusable!
I DON’T WANNA LEARN THIS IS A VERY BAD APP AND I REFUSE TO SIT ON A SCREEN FOREVER TO LEARN
Stop quarantine classes
SHUT THIS APP DOWN. I AM BECOMING STRESSED AND DEPRESSED BECAUSE OF SCHOOL!!!
This was the best Zoom experience I’ve had. It was just my piano teacher and me. The audio and video were outstanding. The previous meetings I’ve joined were in bigger rooms with a lot of people; very difficult to hear with all the background noise. I’d highly recommend Zoom for any one-on-one lessons, tutoring sessions, etc.
Intuitive.Bug-free. Reliable.
Zoom zoom zoom. This App is trash!!!!
Best way to meet face to face when we are all being asked to not meet face to face.
I’ve been using this app for 2 days to teach my piano and guitar lessons remotely. It’s better than FaceTime or Skype because I can put pictures of new songs in the screen with notations that I want them to write in their own music. I like the whiteboard, too. Thanks for saving my business during this crazy time in our world.
Give this a one star so it can be uninstalled and i wont have to do hw.
Absolute crap app with huge technical and UI errors
In light of everything going on in our world, we were able to create a zoom account and meet with our Bible study group!  So easy to use and worth the effort!!  Highly recommend!
Zoom is an amazing app but when you use in on iPhone it turn really  laggy for a moment
This app puts wheels on the bus. We have a group of older folks who all learned to use this service in minutes. Choose to go with the paid version. Great value!
Doesn’t work at all. Tried test meeting and is invalid
Perfeito, melhor impossível!!!❤️
I can call all of my friends at the same time. The dance Studio closed so I am doing my dance classes on this app. I had two calls today and 1 schedule for tomorrow so far.
Kudos to the Zoom team for having a solid interface for such a timely circumstance. We are not super excited about the current worlds events, but this app makes team connections easy during the social distancing recommendation. I love the recurring meeting feature. We are using this for our lifegroups at our church (River Valley Church in MN RiverValley.org). THANK YOU!
What a wonderful way to get together with my tribe members in these very trying times...and they’ve just begun.
Ive Been forced to download this CORONA TIME
Very good to get closer to everyone around the world without interruptions.
Zoom may have saved our business. We are a CrossFit gym. Today the governor ordered all gyms and restaurants to close their doors to the public. Zoom allowed me to run online classes at all normal class times. So thankful for this awesome service and product. I’m a fan for life!
Nice for when on the go but this does not let me choose Bluetooth headphones only plug in kind so I could use my AirPods on a call making miss part of call until i found my plug in headphones.
"This amazing App makes it possible to do so much so well.

Easy to use, easy for newbies.

Thank God it was up and running before the onset of Covid-19"
trash
Bad
Great zoom meetings
Thank you for this program.  Most of all the real time video.
Very great
I have downloaded ZOOM and haven’t been able to join a meeting because the Join is faded rather than sharp and I can’t type anything. The tutorials are useless and don’t address the problem and neither due the questions.
Garbage
Yes
It helped I. School
Bad app
just don’t wanna do online school tbh
I’m doing online school here and it’s not that bad! I’m a student at ELA and we are using this because if the virus spreading quickly world wide and this app is very fun and easy to use! Also I’m a 14 year old girl using this app and it’s random for a 14 year old girl enjoying this for school work so I advise every teacher and parent to download this app and ALSO remind (or remind 101) btw follow me on ig @moon.lxght.ash
Thanks
So I have to sign up in this app for school and I can’t and it’s hard I put in my email my name and last name and I pressed done and it was supposed to send to my email it hasn’t showed up yet! And I keep doing it over and over again but it doesn’t send I have good internet and everything but it’s not working if anyone knows what is happing please please please contact me 14158470540
I am so so so thankful for this app. Since we are quarantined we can’t meet in person to pray together and who uses a phone as a phone anyway anymore so we did a group prayer video call and WOW!!! Amazing. Seriously. Thanks. From the bottom of my heart.
Good app, easy to use and very effective during this corona virus outbreak
Go WebEx!!! This app is a hunk poopy trash. 💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩
Not my type of app
Hug
Call kept dropping it had low quality video, would not recommend
Delete the app
Muy malo
"Zoom is the best and easiest web conference tool.

I see a lot of recent Haters who hate zoom because they don’t want to have Online School. Just shut up and stop it with the bad reviews."
I had never ever had to use a worse app for school
Awful!
So grateful that this system exists and impressed that the company is helping elementary schools that are closed. Easy to use, multiple important and fun features, adaptable to lots of different technology/devices. Perfect!
It is an amazing thing it’s good let you learn at home just because for a coronavirus just perfect that’s why are rated for five sorry
Great app
Zoom is taking the throne at most universities in the US now in this regime of coronavirus.
Great app to keep every having they recovery during quarantine.
"...yup, hacked. Zoom (and RingCentral which is powered by Zoom) have horrible backend security flaws and I got hacked.

My reco: use the ones the tech-bros use - Hangouts, BlueJeans, or good old, reliable, FaceTime."
I hate this lol
Mai online classes say thak gain hoon
i don’t want to do online school.
Improve the sound
Zoom let us come together in this time of isolation and separation. Thank you for giving us a way to connect, at a time when relationships are vital!
help get this off the AppStore with 1 star reviews so we don’t use it for online school Anymore!!!
Would not recommend, use Uber conference instead
Chats with family. Laughs. Learning to navigate on both devices. All good so far. THANKS
I recommend  to anyone.
Was a wonderful way to get together in a social distancing kind of way.  Bu lots of extraneous noise!
This program allowed me to stay in touch with my kids during this time. Love this program!
Used it for years, works great!
This is a great asset to hold our meetings for our congregation!  Thank you
Wonderful app for my work and personal use. Not sure how I functioned without it 👍👍
真的不想，你们自己理解吧。
Did not work
It was so easy to connect and chat.
Plz rate a 1 star do not want to do this over the Coron break
Timed out and glitches overall very bad product
Can’t keep this app open for more than a few seconds without it glitching out and crashing on me :(
I honestly love this app
I wish there was more emoji‘s and I wish it would not get a little staticky
If you have this for eny reson vut for corona school you are odd
This is going to be used for a online school, and I don’t think this fits the requirements and expectations of mine.
please make my teachers stop teaching on here
Cringe
I am doing a meeting sharing pieces played with instruments like piano and quality is very bad. I think zoom is only for voice
its doodoo
terrible app
This was used as an online classroom and was absolutely horrible. The audio cut out every few minutes, the screen froze along with the audio, and the audio sounded like trash. Will not be using this app again.
I ain’t taking online classes cause of this
Zoom
Never used it, all I have it for is for classes
Remove the app
"Great experience, easy to learn, widely accepted. 
I highly recommend the app."
Loll
The Call me function on iPhone has not worked the past 3 days and when your host is in Europe and you are in US, when you go to alternatively use Dial in, there are no US numbers to dial from iPhone.
zoom is a very difficult app to work with. it would often echo people’s voices and glitch. i had a very hard time working and getting tasks completed.
I could give Zoom zero stars on this issue if there was an option. I am a Spanish - English interpreter and I’m trying to have simultaneous interpretation for my meeting but I don’t see the Language Interpretation tab on settings. I called and email Zoom support team and nobody has replied yet. My meeting is in less than 2 hours today 3/18/20.
Keeps crashing, Absolutely trash service. When you need it most it doesn’t work...I’ve been paying for months now.
This app is fantastic, it help me a lot
Limited to one hour? That’s not helpful. We’re going to stick with google meet.
this app makes me very very sad i want to cry i don’t like it or my teachers and i don’t like seeing them at 8 am this makes me upset please let me sleep
so sorry for those stupid Vietnamese student who gave you 1 star!
Gooo
I don’t how the guy raised billions of dollars for this app.  Worse than FaceTime.
Trash
Great!
Able to connect with my meditation group!! Loved it 💜💜
Cool service, but not at all effective in the midst of a global pandemic. Too many issues with connectivity, accessibility, and differences in availability with students and teachers alike.
Zoom allows you to talk and collaborate with several people at a time and allows certain people to be muted so on and so forth. Unlike FaceTime which when FaceTiming several people you don’t see each one equally, this one you do. Because of the coronavirus, my school has shut down and we are using zoom to have classes. So far I am really enjoying the app. 3-4+ months to go!
Very difficult for disabled or home bond adults
This app is terrible. It is glitchy and should be taken off the App Store.
This app barely works!!!!!! If you talk to more than 2 people it will crash.  It doesn’t work at all for talking about school or work or anything that is useful.  If you want to talk to one friend with 25 second delay, this app is great for that.  Educators and student- don’t get this app.  This app makes talking to people so much more complicated than it needs to be.   Use FaceTime or just call people.  This app is horrible
Wish platforms were more consistent
Professor Chen gave me COVID-19
Horrible app bad service with representatives
I was following the prompts. An email was supposed to appear so I could verify. It never appeared and there is now no way to set up the app
It's great!
五星好评，分期付款
I am using this app to support a small community in staying connected and building relationships across generations, technical abilities, and more. The app is working phenomenally  despite a recent spike in demand, and I am so grateful to the Zoom team for all their work in the help pages including video tutorials, the Zoom blog, and with continuing to evolve and improve this product. It is dependent on each device location’s bandwidth, so some folks have a occasional difficulty at high demand times of day, but that’s based on local internet carrier capacity. Love this app & highly recommend!
You’re a rockstar!
And this is my pawn shop
it is the best meeting app ever. thank you zoom
This is for school and I hate school
Zoom is a great video meeting and screen sharing solution. Very helpful for distance education near and far.
This app is so helpful for my youth group.
All my teacher don’t care about the work we do they just want us to be stress free <3. I only use this to chat with them. It’s nice having someone to talk to through this app. I have a teacher who lives alone and I’m glad that we can Atleast talk to her so that she doesn’t have to feel so alone during this time so thank you.
Dislike this if you want to off the appstore
This is trash
"Kids try to lower the rating to have a break from school. 
Don’t listen to that noise."
Tells me I need to turn on my microphone in my phone settings but it never pops up and lets me turn my microphone on
Won’t send me the email to activate it.
Great!
We’ve been supposed to use this app for school, as it has been shut down due to Coronavirus fears. It was a huge mistake. This app crashes constantly, even for everyone at my school. We can never get into a call, nor does the audio work properly and always either mutes and puts out static. It’s so bad, we’ve only managed to have one lesson so far, and it was a total disaster. One star out of ten.
Coming from Google Meet this service is a great. The UI could use some useablitiy and user friendliness improvements but otherwise its good. I would love to see a version that runs in the browser so people don’t have to download it, but if that comes at the expense of features then forget it. I’d also like away to prevent students from using the virtual background feature which can become a distraction. This service truly gives the host (in our case a teacher) control over their class allowing them to force students to be mute, until they raise their (virtual) hand and are called on. It allows multiple screen sharing options (including a built in virtual whiteboard) and lets us see our whole class at once (up to 49 people!). Alas it is still video call in one of its most congested times so I won’t criticize it for its occasional stability issue (for now). Overall though great service! I hope we can all leave some positive reviews so our students can’t overwhelm its ratings with negativity.
this app is disastrous. constantly crashing, leaking my personal data, RUINED MY MARRIAGE. come back lisa....I miss you....
Zoom helps me contact each other
This is the way
Почему я не могу поменять фон?
Have to use this for a class. I hate here
The second time I used it was terrible it said valid meeting code when I typed it correctly.
Stupid coronavirus got me doing this
I actually like this app and like many people are at this time I am using it for online classes. Unlike some people who are just leaving one star reviews because they don’t want school I actually have some conservative criticism. The audio could be better, and I think it might be the background noise canceling. It is hard to understand people and not just because it is a video call. Unless you are holding a call in noisy area than I don’t think the noise canceling is needed.
I’m not gonna put blame on this app but anyways. Because of corona virus in my country we should begin online learning with different websites and applications. It’s definitely dissafuckingpoint me. ‘Cause I miss my university friends and main reason why I’m in the worst condition is new method of learning irl. Ikr we are the freshest humans as students and there are no obvious reasons of this speech.. but I just wanted to explain my poor condition and if it change, I’ll truly come back on this app and leave better review of Zoom . Anyways love y’all (ew cringe lady’s speech is finished)
I believe that this is one of the best apps during times of lockdown. I recommend it.
we’re gonna do classes on this app during social isolation please get it off of app store
"I wish it did not have to come to this.
My school uses this because of the quarantine. It must leave existence."
"I don’t want to have school because of Mr. Bowe!!
 1 star 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡"
Great app other than the fact that alert notes for example about how they are experiencing longer wait times are displayed in Chinese on the app. I can’t figure out why since my iPad’s only language is English and the region is US. I don’t speak Chinese, have never been there, and Zoom is otherwise in English. Just weird.
Member of number of small groups first time using app. Thankful for it's availability and ease of use.
It’s a prefect way for  communication with online classes or just for fun I highly recommend this app!
Keeps crashing and it’s very slow. It serves no use on the App Store. The images come out blurry. Please take it down also the ratings are from bots
Small PP
It is the most convenient app to study during this time.
always crashes and glitches
Thanks to this app I now have school and have to FaceTime my teachers let’s make this app shut down by bad reviews
"Was fun until it kicked everyone off...
Evidently the “free” version only allows so many minutes for the group meeting then cuts everyone off...did not see that caveat when getting this app"
Bad connection and audio
probably one of the worst group facetimes i have ever been apart of.  absolute horse shit.. the app should be shut down
In this uncertainty of times with the corona virus, what a blessing to get together with my Bible study group through zoom! BSF!  Thank you zoom!  Check us out and join a class at BSF.org
Zoom is keeping me and my team close. Fabulous user interface. Thanks!
Zoom app is super useful for video and audio meetings while working from home.
Love Zoom. I use it for client intakes, coaching meets, interviews.  Super helpful and great features. Thank you!
I sawi love it!!!
"Great platform,
Sound is a bit choppy though.  Pic is a bit pixelated.   Then again I’m using this for music lessons."
I’m currently a high school student, but I have used zoom for more than a year for club and organization meetings and it’s very useful. It’s easy, there are reminders if connected to google calendar, and also allows screen share! Some times it can be confusing, especially when trying to turn on my own microphone so others can hear me. But if there’s only one person speaking, just make sure your speakers are on. :) It even lets people call in the meeting so they don’t have to download the app.
Zoom is a great place to do meetings. Also, I like how you can privately talk with your friends.
"Cualquier aplicacion a la que se tenga que registrar y despues hacer log in, de la misma manera se deberia de poder hacer log out. Tampoco se puede contactar el developer. 
Que tal si quiero cerrar mi cuenta, o hacer una sugerencia? Deberia de haber un link para poder hacer eso o contactar a los creadores."
This is good for classes and meetings and it is easy to use
The video quality was acceptable but not great with multiple skips.  The real challenge for Zoom is that they need to have a help functionality and a test function so that a participant can figure out how to use the app and try different video and audio settings without having to join an actual meeting.
Really bad quality in regards to understanding what people are saying.
I can’t unmute it
This is best app for business meetings.
Wish this app had support for the new iOS 13 dark mode feature
We are using Zoom to good effect in reviewing a multi year school Construction effort in the DRC. Easy to share documents and make adjustments on the fly.
annoyingggg
it works!
This is the worst app especially for online school during the coronavirus
I set up an account through the web page.   I received the confirmation email and set up a password. But I can not log in through the app. The keyboard won’t appear.
Zoom is enabling me to connect with my students in new ways! Very little lag time - no down time!! Thrilled!
App doesn’t have a way to mute during a call, can’t transfer audio to hdmi. Resolution is poor
Uvu
This is awesome, but a little laggy.
Its horrible i hate it. Take this down. Its the worst tuing that ever happened since september 11, 2001
Bad audio but otherwise it’s good
No email came when I tried to join
Totally frustrating for 72 year old elder addled brain.
I just started to use this as I have entered an online business platform for additional income!  Zoom Is an actual business tool our company requires us to download on our PC’s or mobile smart phones for all our team members.  My business partners have numerous training sessions using Zoom!  It’s a great alternative in lieu of the Coronavirus matters we are encountering now!   Thank you Zoom!
"Updated review - just had another meeting today. It went much smoother than my previous meeting... great job Zoom!

Had a 7 people group video call but 2 people are not able to join due to connection issues. So they called in using cell phone. Audio quality is another issue, heard echo throughout the meeting."
"Waited 35 minutes for the meeting to start and one minute in got bumped because my internet went in and out for a second and couldn’t get back in because the event was at capacity.  Shouldn’t the app recognize your IP address and that you already signed in before and had a spot?  

If you have important information to share this is not the app.  Make a YOU TUBE video and post the link instead."
"I have an account and a Zoom, 10 digit account number and can’t sign on! There is no help or service number and I’m blocked for multiple failed attempts.
Part of the learning curve, I guess however, now that I’ve used Zoom for two 50 min meetings I’m getting used to the features and am content to let it improve organically.
One suggestion a ‘button’ to freeze a person’s image. Instead of an icon one could put a face to the voice and not have to look at video which is unsteady according to the user’s movement.
Thank you"
"I received an invitation to setup an account after down loading the app. After completing the form and hitting enter the process freezes. This is the second day of trying to create an account. I am using an iPad Pro with the latest iOS.

Update the catch causing my issue was JavaScript not being switched on. Not being an Apple native how was I to know?"
"So I created an video chat meeting and invited 3 people for a noon appointment. Five minutes before the meeting I tried to log on as the host by clicking the web link. The link brought me to sign in page which had option for signing in through Zoom, google, Facebook. I am a CSU grad student so all of this was done in the university portal by selecting the zoom icon. The zoom icon red erected me to download the software. I clicked on the app and it asked for a login. So I tried both my student email and personal email but to no avail. 
So basically I signed in through my personal email and reschedule an appointment and re-emailed the new appointment link. Everyone was able to access the new link either by phone or video chat. 

Had to set up an entirely new link again."
This is ridiculously uncomfortable
It is a good app to use especially during Covid19 when everyone works and studies at home.
Bruh
Terrible
yeah it’s corona time
Amazing tool to connect and communicate.  Thank you so much
Thank you for lifting the 40min limit. Our bible study was able to visit online without interruption. God bless you and this app for allowing us the opportunity to visit online with our church family for the first time.
"This is a great app. I have seen it used for meetings, fast easily, and very accurately. Since the coved 19 (coronavirus) is making all people stay at home, we have been using zoom for school, Amazing! Thank you, zoom!

Sincerely, a zoom lover."
Doesn’t work even when allowing video and audio, trash.
Great experience . My daughter is having a daily meeting with her teacher due to the school closure.
What a wonderful prayer service! This is such a comfort during a time when congregating at church is not possible!
Thanks to COVID-19 I can continue to have class even though school is out 😭 but the app works great!
I’m sure many people are here due to school cancellation and such because of the widespread virus. This app is superb and especially great for someone who literally needs this for class!
Great
During this time of COVID 19 it is so nice to be able to do yoga with others through Zoom as well as have the necessary work meetings.
This app is quite good and is very useful when the person you want to talk to is far away. It also has a few fun features like virtual backgrounds and green screen. This app could be 5 star but sometimes glitches. I know that no software is good enough to prevent glitching but it would be great if it didn’t.
Locked me out of account before I was ever able to successfully log in. I had not forgotten my password but said either email or password was invalid (which they weren’t). Then tried to re-set password as a work-around and I was logged out. FAQs and support don’t seem to have any help. This app totally $;&amp;;/($:@.
I love zoom and needed to up the number of users from 100 to 1000.  We paid the bill but when our event came up we were limited to 100 users.   Needless to say we were quite disappointed.  We contacted customer service without any success.   Disappointed
Thanks
Connection not great and quality bad
Just used for first time with 20 people , all mostly first time users and it went well!
"This app is currently being used by hundreds of thousands of people in 12Step Recovery programs as COVID-19 has shut down all in person Recovery meetings across the world. This app is affording those in Recovery to stay in community which is imperative for continued sobriety. 
Thanks to Zoom. In these times you are saving the lives of we in recovery by affording us a platform to stay connected.
Thank You Very Much!!"
Zoom saved us all from the brutal “can you hear me?” And “you’re breaking up again” that plagues every other conference call system (looking at you webex and hangouts). Great product and constantly improving.
Ckskdjf
I’m sorry for the title but a friend of mine told me to destroy you all with bad reviews so that’s what I’m doing so as shrek says buh bye
I don’t want online school
Not good for online schooling
Zoom is extremely easy to use.  I have held meetings with as little as 3 people and as many as about 24.  It has been amazing.  No problems at all.
This app works well. We'll designed and full function.
app is difficult to understand, poor quality audio and visual if it even works
Love the clarity with both the video sound and picture. Blessed to be able to take part and be part of such an amazing group. Sending healing vibes.
Thank you zoom for being here in this difficult time
Just terrible
It’s so bad for learning online and I can’t get anything out of it
"It might have been a rough first class since the government shut down of our martial arts studio due to covid-19, but we can work out the kinks. It won’t be perfect and it’s mostly keeping up routine and muscle memory.. but we wouldn’t have that or each other (fellow students).. in turn keeping sanity, without this platform. So thanks!!

We might all feel like we’re living in some surreal movie.... might as well work it!"
My teacher made a public channel but when I got to join a public channel her channel is not there! Am I doing something wrong or is this how Zoom is supposed to work?
Horrible connection
The app is not user friendly
The app is trash and it does not function well at all I hate.
Horrible I kept the correct email address and it says it’s invalid
From my perspective, I genuinely enjoyed using this application for online studying. However, there are some problems related to connectivity and audio output, as it often lags and distort the audio quality when there are more than ten people attending the meeting. I hope these issues get fixed in future, in order to have a much smoother experience. This app, still deserves a 5-star rating for me, at least.
"I’ve been using Zoom for years. I love the annotations (reverse whiteboard) that makes it easy for me point on the presenters screen during screen shared. 

My biggest request for Zoom is to have other “views” besides just the grid and single person video feed. I’d love to have a 2x2 title of the main screen or screen share with others video positioned to the sides and/or bottom of the 2x2. It would be great to be able to drag the 2x2 around and have the 1x1s reposition around it. I’d live to see this for the Windows and OS X apps as well."
Disgusting
We switched to Discord after 1 class session
This apps allowed for me and my team to meet even though we were separated by geographical boundaries. Some many great features I need to explore.
Perfect
Ugh
Smooth and seamless
The only bad reviews are from little kids who don’t want to use this during quarantine. Bad reviews mean not having to use zoom for school. The truth is it’s incredibly helpful and easy to use
For the students✊
Ease of use. Platform stability A+
If the max mins you are allow is 40 but you’re only allowed to choose 30 or 45 mins which is over the limit. Then I’ve been robbed of 10 precious minutes. Corona is here. Everything will shut down. I’m sure you’ll get 5 million more customers can you fix this please. People will need your services. We are a small self help group. I can’t pay for 5 people for less than an hour. That’s crazy.  Can you change your limits during this crisis? Maybe 1 hour and 10 guests?  These people really need serious help. Thx
Terrible app. It keeps crashing, I can’t even hear anything. I’m so over this. If I could leave 0 stars I literally would
Redditors assemble. We need to get zoom enough 1 star ratings to get it taken off the app store.
It works really well in general, pretty happy with that. However, I use my iPad for notes and other school purposes and I am unable to multitask with this app, if I go to take notes or take a proctored test through zoom, my camera shuts off because I have to go to a new window. Strange, hope you guys can work a little bit on iPad compatibility
"Zoom has been great during this work from home craziness. So glad we moved our phones and video chat over to them.

Many 1 star reviews are kids trying to get Zoom removed from the store so they don’t have school. Ignore em!"
You have to do it in online school
Great service!!
Kicks us out of meetings and wont let back in
This is such a helpful app for online learning I wish I could do this instead of school this app is the best online learning app try it out very helpful fun and helpful try this app out if you didn’t it is the best way to learn TRY IT NOW NOW ITS FREE!!!
"I really like Zoom because I can talk with my teachers and have lessons.I was wondering how can I show screens to the class.Can you guys please tell me how?

Charlotte"
its the best app for meeting
Muy buen servicio
I giiiiiii
It’s not ...........LOADING no offense
The CEO of Zoom allowed free and unrestricted access to Zoom to educators during this crisis and it has kept everyone afloat. Thank you.
Zoom is awesome and it helps me see all my friends at once
I can’t sign up.  Therefor I can’t use it.  I tried asking for help with NO response except the automated thing.  So my opinion isn’t very high right now.  Sounds like a great app, but if it doesn’t work than how would I know.
It’s awesome
This is a great app and wonderful way to stay connected during these trying times!
Terrible app very unsatisfied
Good app five stars
What a privilege you have been given.
I don’t know the meeting password
This app is very good and reliable, but whenever I attempt to sign up, I never get a message. This may just be my device, but I would still like to say something about it. Sometimes, if one or two people don’t have the best connection, chaos is unleashed. Random noises, echos, and more noises that sound very loud and eirpiercing. Anyway, rather than those, this is great for seeing other people or friends over long periods of time.
You can’t here nobody and the app is very confusing not easy to understand at all and it’s has very bad Quality camera
It keeps saying meeting password and when I signed up it never let me do password I get do anything unless I know meeting password
It is amazing! You have to get it!
GoToMeeting works a lot better
So much lag
Trying to get my 3:25 cancelled
Have used this app for 6 years and had virtually no problems with it.
The first day I got this app, it worked fine. I was talking to friends, calling, everything was working. Then the next morning it asks me if I want to join my schools contact group. I got the app for school, so I said yes. Then it kicks me out of my account and I’m no longer able to sign in. I’ve tried everything to fix it, and I can’t even make a new account with that email because it has already been used.
Zoom is a really good app over all I just don’t like how it kicks you off after 45 min of being on their
This is lit
When I can’t be there I can do 🏎
Would not recommend!
The platform of ZOOM is very authentic but it’s very laggy, sometimes I have to log out and log back in to get into my meeting, but it’s great, but you can use facetime
I don’t know how to log in
Hard to connect. The website is difficult
I spent like an hour to learn how it works.I do not recommed this app but if you like sitting on your computer for an hour get it.😡
Overall I believe that this app is good but i think it could use some modifications. Such as the audio.
The Zoom app has come in handy for me and my friends/co-workers and family. We needed a way to see each other and Zoom was there for us.
Made my phone crash repeatedly to the point that it is useless. Had to buy a new phone not sure what’s wrong with this program. Please fix!!!
With I could get full screen or event landscape to work from my Mac Book Air.
Helpful but not that easy to use
muy mala
Wonderful!  I visited with family during this historically difficult time by zoom, my heart is lighter, what a gift!   It was like being in my brother’s house.  Easy to use. Zoom is truly great!
please don’t make me do school work
this app is awesome cause we can’t do   “g o t r” at school anymore so we do it on zoom but the problem is that you need to put your name and address and i am scared if they can hack your stuff
Not a fan, don’t use
I like zoom because of our f🐱ucking coronuvirous at school we have to facetime🦧🦞🦞🐤🙈🐫🦞🐐🐷🐪🦄🐷🐪🦈🦞🙉🐎🦄🐟❗️🔢⁉️ℹ️🈯️🚳🔢🆗🈯️🌐🚹🔢🆗🚻🌐🚹🚳🚻🚻🚻🚻🚻🚻🔣🔣🔣🛅✳️🚸🔱🚯🅿️✳️✅❗️🔅🦑🐽🦧🐦🦑🐂🦋🕷🕸🦎🐊🦅🦧🐧🐫🐌🐌🐌🐌🐌🐌🐌🦧🦍🦍🦍🦍🦍🦍🦍🦍🦚🦅🐝🐗🐂 🕷🦚🐌🐫🕷🦧🦅🐦🐌🐑🦖🐫🐤🤸‍♂️🏄🏾
Couldn’t hear anything and volume was turned up all the way. Supposed to use this for school but it didn’t help at all
Constantly buffering as if it’s trying to be a tv show. Horrible meeting app
"I’m unhappy that it’s automatically somehow connected to my personal email. I need my work and private email to stay separated! When I invited people to a zoom meeting it used my private account even though I’ve signed up using a different account! I’m not happy about this at all! I’ve been looking how this is connected and can’t figure it out so that I can disconnect the two being used.
Everything else works on the app."
Easy to use
It don’t work on coronacation
In the midst of the Bay Area "shelter in place", Zoom conversations with friends I love and trust has kept me sane. Thank you ALL!!!!
Wish the mobile app had the whiteboard feature as well as the screen share.
this is for school and i hate seeing faces that i dont wanna see on my BREAK
Thank you ZOOM for your platform.  Our school faculty began using it during the COVID 19 outbreak and are grateful to be able to connect with each other during these unprecedented times.
"I really love this app
I used this yesterday for small group with friends. Due to many ppl join, connection may struggle but for first time user, it easy to set up and join!
I hope my professor use this."
When I am calling people it kicks me off
i used this app alot when we didnt have school bc of the corona virus. we did it with teachers and friends so we could study together overall it is a great app.
I could attend the class without any interruption. Thanks
Because of the Corona virus, I have been having to meet with my professors virtually with this app. It works great for the most part except when I join a meeting, it takes me longer to join because it won’t let me turn on the auto connect to audio which is a setting that I want turned on as a blind person. And as a college student, I would love for this to be fixed thank you.
Slightly more complicated than my old brain can navigate, but an absolute lifesaver in terms of bringing people together.
Wow, what a great way to communicate with others. This was very productive. I look forward to using this communication tool more often. COVID-19 proof as well!!!
Really goos app get it
This app is super good and helpful especially with everything that is going on lately. This is super helpful and I highly recommend this app.
Zoom has worked beautiful my to connect with my yoga teachers and yoga class mates while we are home and keeping our social distance! Thanks toZoom I can stay connected. Jeri
The Coronavirus has canceled my school, so now I do school on Zoom! It is really helpful, and it is so much fun! Thank Zoom😄👍
This is extremely helpful for school because they are shutting down. Darn you coronavirus
Zoom has changed the way I work and live. It’s simply the best!!
Fast to set up go fir these current situation , something is wrong with your review though because I can’t see what I’m typing and am mainly iseing atuo fill to make this
"Zoom is the best in class remote tool, it hardly ever has connection issues and enables cross platform connectivity seamlessly.

The best part is it’s free for all, with additional business licenses."
不想上网课
It’s ok
After a brief learning curve, Zoom has been invaluable in conducting classes while schools and universities are on a remote teaching schedule. The only thing that would make it better would be the ability to create groups in the contacts section so, for example, a group would be created containing all the students in a class and the invitation email be sent to a group rather than halving to invite each student individually.
Anyone else here because they have to download this for online school? #socialdistancing
Just shutdown due to CoVid-19. Used Zoom and class was smooth as silk! Much thanks to the folks at Zoom for making their application available and lifting the 40 minute limit. Your support has been Phenomenal!!! Parents, Happy! Teachers, Content! Administration, pleased! Students, Excited! Again, thank you!
Scrambling with thousands of other piano and violin teachers to learn a way to do online lessons. Zoom is it for me!
Bad
Just a disgrace to learning.
tryna get this deleted
"Audio= disgusting
Camera= crappy
Overall app= :("
I like this app to talk with my friends but I am a kid so I haven’t figured it out yet. I need more info. If your alone and don’t know how to work it get some help it’s confusing but also fun I mean no one is responding to me but that’s their fault not mine. But otherwise it good.
As one on Jehovah’s Witnesses, We use Zoom to have some meetings with other Jehovah’s Witnesses. Due to the Coronavirus our meetings are no longer available!
"Meetings in times when face to face isn’t easy - this makes all the difference in the world!
Awesome way technology was available to needs, before needs were considered a “need”"
"Well I was
Able to have a video call but they could not hear me. But on screen it shows mute and I was not muted at all.... how can I fix this so they can hear me defeats purpose of them seeing
Me if can’t hear me"
Does not work....very frustrating tool to work with
Wish I could stream this to my tv over chrome cast.
Let’s just get the app down
Our teachers keep tryna get us to be on dis so what I’m finna do is rate it 1 star😌We don’t gotta talk to them and do they work so listen this app finna be token away cause all of us rating it a 1 so oh well.
Meeting links don’t work
:
This better be gone before I ZOOM this app off the app store
Zoom is the best app ever!
每天被老師6am叫起床真的好快樂哦！
It doesn’t really work correctly and it’s confusing!
Had to move all my students (post secondary) in the school to distance learning and ZOOM has been Outstanding!   To one single issue. Smooth, clean & clear video and voice quality. Very Dependable and Very Easy to use!  Not all hero apps wear capes!!
This platform has been a lifeline to our school who is working so hard to deliver a remote learning to our kids and families.
Dog with a blog
With the current COVID-19 pandemic, it could be difficult for schools and businesses to hold classes or meetings. This is where apps like Zoom come in. It’s super effective and great for classrooms! Thanks to the developers of Zoom, we could now learn remotely!
Useful for study online
Could not hear the people I was talking too. Horrible camera quality
"It was very pleasant to be able to text and chat at the same time
Thanks"
I am finding Zoom for the first time after knowing it existed for awhile. During these stressful times it is really helpful to connect with others especially when meeting with more than one person. Many thanks!
Since everyone left for corona it's been good
Don’t download
This app is amazing I get to interact with my teacher with perfect communication this app is amazing I really recommend you to download it if you have online class and your teacher doesn’t have your phone number zoom is the best communication app that I have ever experienced it is amazing
Not exactly the same, but next best 💋
Zoom is great and is saving my butt to be able to graduate on time. Also we all should of investing in zoom before schools got shut down. COVID-19 has probably been the best thing that’s happened to this company.
Bad app
"I never wanted to do online yoga classes. This has opened up a whole new world, literally. Now I can serve all my students, whether they are in Miami, Mumbai, or Bogota. Thank you. 
You have changed my life."
Does not work
Zoom is an amazing app especially when you were in quarantine. We could do school learning or we can do FaceTime with your friends.Like I said it amazing app and hope to keep using it
Perfect for doing school work from home, so stop trying to give this a one-star rating and get off your lazy a**, kid.
Such a helpful tool/App especially rn during social distancing and shelter in place
While the sound quality was not that great. I did get to FaceTime all my friends.
Disgusting
"I am a psychotherapist in private practice.
Zoom has allowed me to keep working remotely AND to keep doing yoga with my teacher. Two important parts of my life.

THANKYOU!"
Not educational and the camera doesn’t work
"Ok, so I am still in school, and because of what’s going on with 
COVID-19 my school is canceled for a while. So my teacher has set up a meeting everyday from 9:00-12:30 and 1:00-4:00. We get our education, and best of all, they don’t count as snow days so I don’t have to be in school till July! This app makes me happy just thinking about it!"
"Dear Zoom,

Your platform has kept me connected to people I love, and people I am getting to know through video time. Keep up the important work behind the scenes of making it all run smoothly. It takes a lot of commitment and devotion from your staff. I’m grateful!"
Easy solution
Super easy to use. Can see, talk to, and carry on a conversation with lots of people at the same time. Very helpful resource to engage in for any video-conferencing you may need!
Good
I purchased a zoom monthly  license and there is no phone support.  The video tutorials don’t answer specific questions.
感觉就不是很好叭 注册的时候根本收不到email
Bad
Thank you for allowing us to stay in touch with our faculty and students during this time!
I hate school
Thank you!
So with the Virus closing school’s. my son’s classes are now going to be taught through zoom. Tonight was the interdiction for the kids. The video and audio clarity was great and the features were so simple for the kids
Excellent video conferencing app that works so easily
shandhkebakbsbdusbsvsvhs
I’m ready
It’s worth the investment
Wow it looks good
"This app is very easy to use! I give it a 5 STAR rating!
Pwar"
Great screen detail and excellent audio.
Does not work and hard to use
Volume on my phone is on, but can’t hear anything
this app is ruining our kids childhoods and they shouldn’t have to use this
this app is the cancer that plagues america and its youth
Since we have no school. I use this to communicate with my teacher for any assignments
Complete garbage
I did not like this app
Smooth. Easy to use. Nice
i just don’t like school.
pretty cool app but they do be using it for school doe
This will be very useful because of corona! :)
Wonderful app! Stuck at home, and an extrovert? Here is the solution! User friendly and easy to invite others! :)
Didn’t expect much, but it was better than anticipated.  I’ll have to improve my skills.
Great app, good clarity, were happy.
This is a fast and effective app to converse via teleconference, chat, messaging, etc. it is a great platform for all levels of technology experience.
When you yuse Zoom it always cuts out no matter how good your WiFi is.
o
Never works. I hate this app. Taking it to reddit. Why can’t you do zero stars?
TERRIBLE!!!! Don’t get this app. Horrible. Ugh. So bad. Thought it would be a good app for learning and stuff but just no. Absolutely not. Terrible. Ugh!
This was a great first experience using  Zoom.
Smol PP energy...
So i’m using  my school and I can not see anyone or hear or talk. I had to delete it and reinstall and it still won’t work please fix this.
Unable to unmute my microphone.
Goodness
no go for sure
Being confined by the Coronavirus it is a great way to have a meeting.  The only drawback is Limited to 40 minutes
"I don’t know how to delete the virtual picture I put behind me. 

I don’t like that there is no “Help” button for questions.

Thank you"
"Not friendly user.
I had received two links with meeting requests and for next week and if you clic on link it wants to open the meeting already, instead of letting you save the invite for the following week
In order to add contact you need their email or phone number,,, or very long id zoom number, should be much easier as with Venmo (phone number or username)"
Hated it
Hate this app
I’m having a very difficult time getting on to the aa mtgs.  my iPhone doesn’t offer a drop down to choose anything. It very frustrating.
The app is fine but I wish we can report people bc I got randomly called and harassed so it wasn’t pleasant.
Easy to use
Hi I have a question is this safe to download and make account because I saw some comments about this being a malaware,virus and can  give out some personal info I just want to see if this is true?thanks
The app glitches 24/7
"This app seems really simple in a great way. No one everyone is using it.
I’ll update when I use it for ballet class!"
Wow it is amazing! Great way to interact, and intuitive. A very nice tool to conduct business from afar!
i have to download this because of this dumb corona shit
My school makes us use this stupid low grade version of Skype to assign me work. Thanks for creating something that I hate.
Ya got this because of corona outbreak because of school 👌
Zoon is the best option for video conference at the moment. No distortion in voice or image. Great connection.
"This app is fantastic 
Thank to creator for this helpful app"
I have had school online and zoom has been the best!
Google hangouts is better
this app is bad
My zoom has not been working the right way and I am not going to use it a lot.😡😤😏
Learning is what Hashem wants
Camera works on and off
This app is great. I have been able to connect with my teachers and ask questions about the work face to face!
The mic quality hurts my head and this app is honestly a waste of battery.
Froze my iPhone 11 after deleting the app. Stuck in zoom audio ending.
They say the adio is good but it bad
can’t hear or see anyone
It works
Our church boards stopped meeting in person during this Corona virus.  We have a committee of 15 members but not all are available for every meeting.  We met last evening...12 of us.  The meeting went well for about 35 minutes (we wanted to go about 2 hours).  We were all disconnected from the meeting without warning.  This program is obviously not good for meetings over about a half hour.
It totally changed my perspective about working online, and has given me a very rewarding experience. As an app it is easy to follow the instructions, and it has the best quality.
I’m teaching yoga so need help with a yoga meeting?
Such an easy way to connect on professional development or anything else!
It’s my first time using this app.
💔💔💔 HOW DO YOU DO IT  it is a good app but,1. The audio is garbage and 2. There’s nothing that helps you😡😡😡
"It is such a relief to interact with colleagues face to face after. staying in place to work.
Afriye"
No upgrade though paid days ago
Because of You my teachers think they teachers now thanks a lot. 👎🏾👎🏾👎🏾
This app helps me a lot about my studying at school during Chinese Viurs Pademic Outbreak
Zoom is a fantastic way to have a meeting that is seamless!!
Good to have this app for us studying online
Great opportunity to get together virtually. Outstanding!
Excellent internet , still really bad cal quality with this app!
0 out of 5 because it won’t let do letters.
We really need Zoom in our time of self isolating for the corona virus! I am just beginning to learn how to use this program.. Thank You for being there!
This app has proven to be invaluable during the era of Covid19!
They are doing a great service and i hope they make a gang of money
Worth it better than FaceTime
I love zoom but the people on it are always so distracted by what they’re doing or what they want to do. their screen sharing lord I hate that thing but I like Zoom alot
Horrible
This is an amazing app I really i have to be online here with my school and teacher and all my friends cause of the virus it’s nice to talk to them and I love the choice that you can text to them and you can also clap put thumbs up and raise your hand it’s fun you can play around with and see more stuff you can with this app I truly love this app it’s amazing you should download this app
My account was blocked during the process of setting it up...
"Hi Zoom team,

In this current Corona Virus crisis, as a student that will need to be able to use this and other apps at the same time, is it possible to add the capability to split the screen with another app on the IPad?"
Xin đừng làm khổ em Thảo của t nữa :(((
Simply Put: Awesome platform!
Doesn’t work correctly says Token expired
What’s the point of this app if you can’t add contacts?!? How are you supposed to meet with anyone if you can’t access your contacts. I’ve tried to get a verification code for over an hour! An hour!!!! The code never comes. Deleting the app!
Very mad
Great use when I’m in quarantine
Eternally grateful for the way you are keeping us connected
Had to download this for school, random bots joining and playing inappropriate music and drawing inappropriate pictures of the screen thing.
It’s keeping our department together and productive during this difficult time.
This app is great to stay in touch with people from school. The audio is good just a little fuzzy.
Unfortunately, the iOS app is too resource-intensive. I have an iPhone 11 pro, and an hour video call drains 30% of the battery, plus the phone is hot. My employer switched us to Zoom from Jabber; the Jabber app was much more power efficient
Thank you so much this has helped so much as we are in isolation! I feel connected to the world and it has really saved the day!
Zoo
THIS APP US THE COMPLETE WORST
Thank you for providing free service and helping everyone to keep in touch during this cv crisis
Now that our lives and businesses depend on Zoom, I wanted to give a shout out— thank you so much for providing this excellent service. I have been using Zoom for years and it is just the best video platform out there (OK, I haven’t used them all, but quite a few!). Thank you so much for making it intuitive and easy enough for my 93 year old mom, yet robust enough to handle the tremendous traffic that it must be getting now.  You guys are incredible. I am so grateful!
The audio, and visual quality is absolutely terrible. Don’t let me even begin to list off all of the major flaws this application has.
In the last two days I’ve done two Zoom meetings. One with 5 people, another as a participant in a meeting of >100 people. The chat box makes it so easy to ask questions and get answers! Thank you for this great tool we can all use to stay connected! 🙏❤️🙏
Every meeting has been flawless though it’s surge...(Minor trouble right now with this text box being invisible text. Hope says what I wrote.
I am currently in Quarentine due to COVID19 and haven't been able to see my friends in person. but we all can zoom call to work on homework or just talk. Sure, it glitches sometimes, but overall it's great!!! The audio works well, and the virtual backround feature is cool. I also really like the Share Screen feature. Overall, it's a great app.
ZOOM worked perfectly, even for first time users.  The user experience is intuitive.
You should make a host only screen
Super happy with how quick and easy zoom is to use. It’s becoming a necessity to stay ahead in the business world and I am grateful that it works so efficiently!
AWESOME
Annoying
Bad
This was terrible
Very easy to use. Video and Audio are clear     If you have a weak signal or get dropped, it automatically reconnects without having to sign back in.
No me like
Constantly loosing signal
Since the COVID-19 has spreaded, all the schools shut down and my school shutdown do and we try to use this apps to help us students learn from technology to school it’s a awesome app.
After multiple attempts on my iPad and phone, I still haven’t received the confirmation email to activate my account
I wish there was a way to have better audio quality when I am listening to someone play piano
COVID 19 is forcing us to use it and that’s ok.  I’m glad it is here to be used.
This is an excellent way for us to share our experience, strength, and hope with each other while practicing social distancing. I love being able to see my fellowship and hear their voices while reminding ourselves of the tools we can use to live in the day!
Don’t download this app it’s just not good and ruins lives. Please take off App Store at once.
I do not like this app
"This is the best app to stay connected with the ones you really care and to have classes and meetings 
Love it"
Trying to creat a zoom account and it says it sent me the email to activate but I never got the email... tried several times.   The app doesn’t even have a place for questions or customer service
Mmmmeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeehhhhhh!!!!!!
So zoom is kind of educational and it’s really fun to chat with your friends we do it beacause the covid 19 is going around and we can’t go to School.
It’s so confusing
It is nice because you can talk to more than one person
I just installed this app on my iPad and iPhone works wonderful.
Thank you very much. This app is literally saving lives through sharing in our fellowship. Thank You. May God bless and keep you all.
This conference software is one of the buggiest I’ve ever used.  For example it requests your contacts but then won’t find them.  There are numerous other bugs, most of which become obvious as you install the app.  Good luck
Using it for my team meet ups - works great, all meeting requirements and expectations are met
"I put in mine email address and password. It says there incorrect. 
I’m not an idiot. I know my address and password. I can’t get help."
Vary good
"Had meeting number was on line ahead of time. Tested twice.  At meeting time was told needed other browser.  Changed browser went through zoom search for now addresses for potential customers are you robot tests had to change page several times to fill meeting number which was never remembered at previous page.  
If all needs were clear and worked out before conference meeting would have been very valuable.   But to me things that matter with vivid 19 to this community economically and socially I will never know.  
I hope it does not cost life or livelihood."
So easy to use enjoy that we can turn camera off !
So I downloaded it and put in my info but I didn’t chose a password. And then to make it official I had to put in my password so I can’t say it’s good or bad but it’s stupid to sign up.
Extremely easy to use.  Works across all platforms well.  A nice piece of software from front to back.
Good
I started using this app recently and I had never heard of it before. I take musical theatre and voice classes and I enjoy it. Since we must stay home, because of the corona virus pandemic shutdown, it is an ok compromise. The connection is kinda laggy and I must say this is not high quality video-> (they said it was in the app description!) I wish it was better on the video and lagginess because my vocal teacher can't accompany me with his piano because of the video being late coming through to the other person. I'd say that this app is a two and a half star app but I can't do that now can I so I'm cutting you some slack Zoom! You should try zoom with a recently made iPhone, including the iPhone x and Xr! Zoomers who love it sorry to burst ur bubble! Thanks for reading this lloooonnnngggg review!
Help.
Not user friendly
So awesome . Especially during quarantine time for us members in narcotics anonymous we do recover still .....
Can’t even connect half the time or do anything, and then app decides to randomly crash out of nowhere.
This is a OKAY app. I am just ,ad about the email
Zoom is helping my synagogue feel togetherness as we enter into Shabbat. Thank you!
Loved meeting with my fellow Christian JW friends.
Doesn’t work and I can’t find tech support.  Very disappointed.
I’m underwhelmed. Awful audio - tinny sound with lots of echoing. And the video kept freezing. Really dreadful. Glad I didn’t put out any cash for this. Will probably uninstall.
They are making me do schoolwork
Super great 20 min meeting before we speak to our faculty & staff. Thank you for the great service!!!
Not easy to use at all
So fun
Zoom has to be one of the friendliest videos conference systems out there, its easy, secure and quality! A tool for all business use and imagine for family communication as well!
Treedddddddddddsddf
If we get this app to 1 star, then the app gets booted off of of the App Store and we won’t have to do homework. Keep giving them one star review my fellow students!!!
COOLEST app ever but it has to have some more fun
Didn’t work
Great way to connect with friends for spiritual nurturing.
Love love this app.  I am not behind in the times now.
Zoom is simple, fast, and user friendly! There’s no better way to have a video conference!
"I tried two emails and a sign up. By lucky chance regarding this context there were two meetings I could go to, one local the other in Italy. 

I use iPhone 10s."
suucks
This app is indispensable to help in making the necessary adjustments for everyone’s safety. Thank you, developers.
More stars than five to the  company who can handle the covid 19 video-conferencing needs. It continues to work on all devices, for all kinds of meetings.
Gracias!
Zoom is AMAZING ,but there is not enough time to talk to people :(:(:(:(
Excellent
no
It work great clear pictures and audio.
I can’t log in I have a meeting right now and can’t use it and there is no live support
Amazing.
This is great for hangouts and classes, but it would be REALLY cool if there was a button for whoever sets up the meeting to stream music from their iTunes! If they could control the tunes and volume of them, it could be like a virtual bar or club.  People could see each other and drink together and chat in the room over the music, or the person in control could set it so all could see each other, but could chat in text in the room, or in private to one another while enjoying everyone’s company.
Good job
Thanks looks good
I can&#39;t believe how easy it is use. It is an amazing tool to use during this isolation. (Shelter in place order) I highly recommend to everyone
"Great App. Thank you so much in these days where we can’t really leave our homes it’s so nice to talk to our love ones. 
God bless"
"Why can’t i change my background photo in between meetings - on my phone? 

Why can’t i choose a photo from my album for my background when I’m in or not in a meeting?"
Thanks!
Just used it for the first time. It’s great. No issues.
"I’m new to Zoom, and not the most tech-savvy person, so I wondered how this was going to be to use, but once you’ve done a couple meetings, it’s an easy and fun way to meet with others without exposing or being exposed to a potentially lethal virus.

I’m VERY Thankful to have this app as a resource to stay in touch with friends from my Bible Study group and seeing their smiling faces after a couple weeks was great!!!

Great Job Zoom!!!
David from Arroyo Grande California"
Work from home. Made simple. Love it!!! 😃😃😃
F this get it shut down
I seldom write review for app. The reason to write this review and rate this app is to increase the number of 5 star rating. Btw this app really helps me to learn remotely, and it makes remote class possible during quarantine. Luv those development engineers❤️
Good , one link for one group and re-use next time , no need to generate new link
it’s really helpful not only for me but all the students in my school. Anyway, stay safe and healthy everyone. My states is already confirmed there are almost 200 cases, it’s terrified me. Wash your hand plenty of times and stay hydrated! I wish you guys all the good luck and love you!!!
Let’s copy the Chinese students and rate this app a 1 star😂😂
I use zoom professionally and personally. It does everything I'd expect and and more!
My teachers are using zoom as a way for online schooling, so this gets 1 Star.
I love this app, it’s really useful for our studying and teaching. Thank you for making this, sincerely.
Always performs great for me & all my friends will continue to use the app
Simple yet very effective. This is the #1 free teleconferencing app I’ve ever used.
Kickass. I’d like to work for zoom
Joined mtg someone else set up.. default settings were such that I could not talk.. think I am set up now but there should be better instructions of settings before you join a meeting
This app is very useful , friendly
"As a result result of the stay at home man
date I am now attending recovery support meetings on Zoom. They are WONDERFUL.
I’ve been to six meetings and now can navigate
Better. This is a wonderful platform😀👍☕️"
嘻嘻
Important Notice: Due to increased demand, dial-in by phone audio conferencing capabilities may be temporarily removed from your free Basic account. During this time, we strongly recommend using our computer audio capabilities. If you require dial-in by phone audio conferencing, please see our other package options.
Great to see everyone. I feel better since it has been a very stressful week for me.   I’m not one to be so confined
"It was so nice to see and talk to everyone. And to see how everyone is dealing.
Sue Maiers"
Many years later Ithink about the street- sort of time travel - Just sold a painting and Jeffrey the jewelry vendor asks to borrow fifty bucks , no he takes a fifty to get me change and doesn’t come back- I have to hound him all day till I get it back-
Zoom: It’s a most valuable app that I ever used and it’s worth it. Must try it!!!
I don’t understand why I can’t see the same controls that some of my participants have. I can’t change the background or “co-annotate” when I am moderating, as I read in the preview before downloading. Paid $14.99 to try so I can work with my 5th graders. This won’t do at all.
During the challenging times we are in dealing with the coronavirus in the US, Zoom has helped me to keep my fitness business going.  This is a wonderful resource and simple to use. So thankful that this technology is available!
Not user friendly!
smh
Excellent
Estoy feliz 😁 con esta aplicación.
This app thinks that 8 ppl are not annoying all together
We had 45 in a meeting. Works awesome. It takes time to train the participants to raise hands to comment, and to unmute and mute. But that’s people problems haha anyway get the app well worth it.
It’s a good app and camera to see multiple people but my thumb keeps getting in the way over my face so people can’t see me always😖😖😀😤😎😆
hard to navigate the features without reading FAQs and blog posts about How To.
The zoom app is absolutely horrible. Would not recommend any schools to utilize this app for emergencies that require to close down schools and refer to online education methods.
Last night we were able to connect 10 girlfriends (60+) for a Quarantini Happy Hour!  It too is about 20 minutes to get everything worked out but overall it was great. I’ve used Zoom for business with great success. Thank you!
"Thank you so much for this amazing way to stay in contact & active with my clients. I am a Zumba instructor & personal trainer. Praying for all of you & your families🙏🏽. 

Lourdes Martinez"
We do not need this crappy app
Greatest conference call application. Honestly nothing beats it.
Easy to use reliable virtual meeting platform ‼️
"I have the free version and several of the features ZOOM claims is part of the free version are just not there. And even though we just had a meeting of three people (so both accepted my invitation to the A/V chat) only one of the persons shows up in my contacts. The missing person's name was showing before and during the chat.   

I chose to sync in my calendar and it defaulted to the length of time it should be, unbeknown to me. And we were shut down mid -sentence.   

There is no GALLERY; no link to the VIDEO ; nothing to indicate that we ever had the ZOOM chat. But those features are supposedly part of the free ZOOM. And I did go into settings and set it up to record the video. I could see at the top of the screen ""stop video"" and the timer that was keeping track of the video.

Then I looked at the ZOOM BUSINESS app in the APP STORE.  I read through everything and could not find a PRICE. SO I clicked on GET, hoping that would tell me. Instead, it just told me in a 1 second blip that I would be charged. Good thing I didn't blink!!
How do I cancel that?  And which on one of the ZOOM business apps is it charging me?  The $49/mo or $17/mo?  Do I really have to ask?"
Good so good
So grateful to have this for keeping in touch with my people 🙌🏼
This is truly amazing am a senior, it was easy, I was able 2 talk & see my loved ones
Zoom is saving my business during the time of the coronavirus! Zoom really is saving the economy of our family. I am able to continue working. Thank you Zoom! 🙏🏽💙
Like the app except unable to sync with phone contacts.  Followed the support article by going into iPhone general/privacy settings/contacts but Zoom app was not an option.  Certainly could be operator error but I followed the steps carefully.
I’ve been searching for a way to satisfy my most primal desires recently. All the apps I’d used left me feeling unfinished. Then, I downloaded zoom. I haven’t felt so confident about asserting myself in years. The men (and women) who have guided me through this journey of self-exploration are now lifelong comrades. If you need a sex app, I HIGHLY recommend Zoom!
Zoom is keeping me connected to my 12 step meetings during shelter in place. I’m grateful!
给爷爬
This is a great
Perfect way to communicate with others. Such a great help when you have online school 😀
Ok,  but MEETING sorely lacks the “give control” function that WEBINAR has.
Can’t even sign up, gotta get this for school...
Solo estoy aquí por las clases online no se ilucionen
It is helping me and my class get back with each other and our teacher.
During this difficult time when families cannot get together we are so happy to have zoom available. We can visit each other without worries of any virus contact. Thank you for this app.
We have been in contract negotiations with our hospital for over a year. We are battling for our corporation to take proper care of their employees financially and in safety. This Zoom App has been fabulous for continued meetings and chat forums. Thx
So I paid (and they took my money) but the system will not upgrade me.  Pretty unhappy.  Plus 2 emails sent to customer service and zero response.
The verification code isn’t going through. Where is the fix or guidance for this?
"Thank you for helping us connect at a time like this. 

Earl M NYC"
We always used zoom for  some meetings but at this point zoom option came as lifesaver to our team and our clients to be able to communicate.
Not helpful
In all, it&#39;s a great app, but it can get very blurry and cuts out sound sometimes. It doesn&#39;t always show what you are screen sharing, but if you are in quarantine right now, you might want to get this to be with your friends.
"I enjoy video calls, however most are very limited, with this app I’ve done a video chat with 30 people and it worked flawlessly, will be trying it again in a few days with close to 100 people!

Look no further, this is the only video app you’ll ever need!"
Zoom is such a fun and interactive way to stay connected!
Being able to see our coach and have some exercise at this time is sooo helpful. Feeling less isolation .
Says that you can connect phone contacts and when trying to do so there is a message saying to enable phone contacts matching but there is nowhere to do so. I’ve looked in the zoom settings in the settings app on my iPhone 7 and there’s no option to connect contacts. As it is now I’d have to enter each individual number from my contacts to connect. This is a massive waste of time and inconvenience.
Excellent class!  Thanks Jake.
Bacon.
Nah my guy
Idk why but if you are using for a dance class the music quality is horrible!!!!
Awesome video conf tool
Zoom is a great app because it is fast and easy. It is a great but needs a way to use green screen but you can see the person really well. Zoom also needs work on the audio, my students ask me questions but I can barely here them! Thank You For This Amazing App.
It is trash
"The app is confusing. Tells you how to join a meeting. How do you create a meeting?

Way to complicated."
"I love it we have been having online meetings cause of this  epidemic going on it has been life saving many many lives ty again
Marie Albanese"
"It won’t let me connect to my contacts 
I sent 17 verification codes to my phone number, I checked and it still didn’t let me connect"
Very easy to join and listen to !
Did not send me the email
It’s very helpful for large groups, but I wish it made the notifications more prominent for the discussion leader. For example, I “raised my hand,” but the person leading did not notice so I just had to interrupt
This is great.
if zero stars were possible i’d give it that due to the fact that i’m annoyed right now because the code gets sent in late and i only have 1 minute to use the code or else i would have to ask for a different one and that one is also delayed
I was able to do this with my limited technology skills.  I need it for school and the app made it very doable.
Video was slow and sound was not always great
I was using the zoom app for school because of the coronavirus and the Quality was.  Amazing
Yes!
"I just joined ZOOM, for the only purpose of remaining connected to fellows during this time of isolation. 

But, someone else has registered my number? Or for some reason I am unable to register my own? 

This is confusing."
Despite the Coronavirus we can still “virtually” meet. It’s working out much better than I anticipated.
As a member of Alcoholics Anonymous and our meeting venues being shut down due to the virus outbreak, my fellowship and community of alcoholics have rallied and made use of this app. to stay connected. By doing this we hopefully will save lives by holding virtual meetings, the one alcoholic working with another . This is a user friendly app. Which has been helpful to the non tech. Savvy Members navigate to take part of discussions.
To complicated to work .
I want to send links by email and my code verification is not working
No good
From 12-step meetings to virtual dinner parties and even birthday parties I’m so GRATEFUL and thankful for this app. Thank you Zoom. From my entire family.
I can’t connect with anybody
Bad Audio and really slow
Need some modifications
Thank you so much zoom!  You have brought my family together, when there has been no other way. I can continue my Bible study group without interruption. I can meet with far flung family that can’t come to see me. We plan to share Easter breakfast on Zoom. You are doing the nation a much needed service, maybe even the world.  Thank you again.❤️😀
First rate!!
Fast easy using
Es bueno
It’s amazing and so timely!
Hi I love this app and it is a great app for my kids for school great app love this app
No online school
Bad
Using the app to connect with my brothers and sisters and so thankful to have this technology!
Great app
"I work in the Wealth Management field, with this world crisis we all are experiencing, I’m still able to do business, run appointments, Coach my team and stay active in the business.
Zoom Rocks !!!     John M Silicon Valley"
so my school is canceled because of the coronavirus, and i use this app to check in with my teacher. it works amazing for me, and now i can facetime my friends who have androids! and because i can share my screen, we watch movies sometimes! thank you for this amazing app!!!!!
The app is great for the iPhone user but is unable to serve people with android devices. Wish zoom would take that into consideration!
With everything going on today this is excellent.
Una excelente manera de tener contacto con mi gente!
Awesome app to use when meetings are required at home!
Zoom is a great app for meetings work businesses but their should be a age rule from what age up to what age because talking to people that you don’t know is dangerous for younger kids and children.
I can see my teacher even when I’m in the car.
This is a terrible app and it should never be used again
Excelente aplicación porque une las familias, nos facilita la comunicación entre varios miembros
Have used app at least once a week and very happy with the quality. Thanks!
I this time of limited contact, it is awesome to have this platform to see and talk to others. Zoom is easy to use.
Zoom has all the gadgets I need to provide best picture quality as well as many tools to show and work with. Thank you
On Sunday March 22, 2030
Hey can
Zoom has allowed me to take virtual exercise classes and attend virtual mtgs.  Though sometimes glitchy, it is a lifesaver for my mental state to be able to connect with people!
Apparently, I’ve seen with my family that I’m the host and I cannot raise my hand. Everyone else can raise their hands. I’d like to see an update where when you click “more”, people would be able to raise their hand as a host
Thank u zoom for making life ok these days
I’m not sure how you can clear a meeting that you didn’t set up and now my phone keeps on ringing
Thank you
This app is excellent for meetings.
"I need AA meetings. Couldn’t have made it through the last week without it. 
Thank you."
It VIOLATES the rule of anonymity in A.A. to post Zoom A.A. members’ comments on Facebook. Anyone can see them. Please be sure ZOOM is kept private from Facebook!!!!!
Gracias
𝘐𝘥𝘬 𝘩𝘰𝘸 𝘵𝘰 𝘴𝘦𝘦 𝘮𝘺 𝘐𝘋
Very inconsistent connection. Missed much of the call.
Jk
Ứng dụng quá tệ làm mình học quài!!! Chán thiệt sự lun!
Nice try trying to delay my coronavirus break. Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha not now, not ever SUCKERS!!!
差评差评快点下架
Very bad app
NMSL never mind scandal language 克服下架的最好办法就是面对下架 加油 奥利给
Life saver!
CNN
It is so easy and effective. Thanks!
Great vía to comunícate with everyone everywhere
Toby
Not pleased
A few little things here or there but nothing detrimental to the overall app. Works great! Connections have seemed good so far with no drops u like others :( Best app for hanging with friends During Corona Virus Lockdown!
Easy to navigate to connect to multiple people in a group setting! Still discovering.
Going to a to of AA meetings through zoom.  Works incredibly
Never mind the comments! It’s the best! It works so well
Their application was very good for an open Mike session of about 15 people.  Was great; will do it again!
"Iranians usually visit older family members on No-Rooz (1st day of spring and our new year). We couldn’t do that this year, so we used Zoom: 40-50 people in half a dozen states, and it was a blast. Thank you.
Mohi"
Very helpful!!
Zoom is such an awesome platform for communicating, especially now. Thank you...
Great but on phone not able to change  keyboard
Amazing,easy to use, I’m just speechless
"Easy and convenient. Especially useful during the COVID19 crisis. 

RAB"
Good app for me and more
i have school meetings on zoom and it’s really laggy and could barely understand what my professor was saying
Good connection. But it won’t put in a request for my contacts.
We are newbees with free version, 40 min. Cut off is a pain but you can restart by logging in again. In professional use this is very awkward. With more time to learn it looks to be very useful.
For students✊🏻
very bad
I Love it!!
First time using it, wonderful experience
Bad app overall
Great app , used this for online classes due to the corona virus
Welp this app is my school now🤦🏻‍♀️😫😝😘
Garbage
"Audio doesn’t work. Yes, I gave access to my mic. Banners reads “pick a phone to dial” and I have no idea what those phone numbers are. If you click on any country it gives you a list of phone numbers. 
Not user friendly."
"Good best Work iPhone and iPad 100% . 

Upset other mess up worst very bad laptop no points password not see password not open video worst 

serious concerns if me sick virus spreading no work or no business do ?

Please fix laptops want iPad or iPhone both same iPhone connect laptop makes work open"
This app was complete garbage couldn’t run a thing
Remove the app
This app is wonderful overall. Only the success people, who know how to utilize this app as a learning tool, can give 5 stars.
Worst
It’s better than blackboard
Opportunity in Adversity
Not a good app
Zoom kept lagging and it’s so bad I couldn’t hear what my Techer was saying it kept deleting my account and over all its very glitchy I don’t know why there 5 stars it’s one of the worst apps i have on my phone I HATE ZOOM !!!
"Excelente aplicación! Recomendada 100%
Excelente no tener que registrarse para unirse a una reunión"
Đang nghỉ học hành đầu buồi
Life would not be able to carry on in these times without Zoom!!! Thank you.
I think zoom is going to be a big winner when Covid19 dust settles. Their response for schools across the US and around the world has been incredible. They’ve earned a lot of new supporters!
I had to have a meeting and zoom made it great I am not sure how to do the back round and everyone could. But I did not care I like how you con chat with your friends.
Impossible to set up and login.
Lo mejor 😊😊
Easy to install & set up.  Not so easy to get the rest of family to use yet!
"Tôi rất thích ứng dụng này. Nó rất tiện cho công việc và việc học của tôi.

I like this app so much. It’s so useful."
"How do I buy stock in this company? How do I express my love for this platform? How do I tell you how amazed I am that I can understand this platform! 

I am going to meetings where people get to connect who for now, can’t. Tonight I’ll be taking a dance class and yesterday I watched some theater — it’s not the same but before this virus I just felt like it was yet another way to separate us and now I see that it’s going to help us connect and stay connected.

Hire me! train me and let’s get this to every senior in every nursing home. You know this is a great idea! 

In the 80s I worked in some pretty crappy nursing homes in Far Rockaway New York Far Rockaway is also known as a part of Queens although I’ve always thought of it as part of Brooklyn. One of the creepiest ones I worked at was made better by a visit from children with mental illness once a week — that contact made a rather crappy nursing home a wonderful place (At least for the time that the children were there) In the past I would’ve thought that as more proof that something like this couldn’t work that the only true contact was person-to-person I now think differently this is a lifesaver at a time when we can’t be face-to-face.

Alice Klugherz
646-510-7011"
Great tool for conferencing.
This app has been a true blessing! It has been wonderful to stay in touch with our church family and my tutoring groups. Thank you!
I wanted a good app to allow for a group of friends (and collogues)  to play D&D virtually during the Covid-19 outbreak. I use zoom on my PC at work and like it and the support, but the iOS app is garbage if you need other windows to manage the conversation. I don’t mean sharing other windows, as that works fine. The app will not let you split screen with other apps on an iPad pro. And if you use the curtain feature to hang another app, zoom drops your audio and video.  It is not an iOS problem either. Since our last zoom campaign, I tested and was able to do split screen with every other virtual video conferencing system I have tried on my iPad without issue. This problem is isolated to zoom. If you need tools or a second window to help manage your meeting and you are using an iPad, don’t waste your time with zoom.
I get education at home and the problem is it is hard to get the code
Excellent service
Zoom is awesome I can see all my friends and teachers on it thank you very much
What a wonderful app. Worked fine and the sound was great.
Awesome!
Because of the COVID-19 virus and social distancing, we just had Sunday School using this app this morning with 21 attendees. The app worked perfectly!  We could hear our teacher without any difficulty and everyone muted their mics until we needed to comment. Our teacher walked us through how to get our camera on and how to mute and unmute. Never thought I would be using an app like this at my age but I’m very thankful these inventors came up with Zoom.  A BIG shoutout to Zoom inventors!!!
Not user friendly!😡
Terrific alternative to meeting in person while everyone’s stuck at home.
Zoom is really great I like it it's fast and easy i go school my school is shutting down but zoom made my life better I talk to my friends and more
Tried to set up Zoom today and it would not let me register my phone number. Have been waiting for verification text, multiple times, never sends. Switching to other Apps that have easier set up and actually work.
So after being on several conference meetings using Zoom this past week I thought what better way to have time for my daughter and friends to see and talk to each other especially as everyone is quarantined.
We’ve been using it for “lunch” with family, meetings, and today church Sunday school and service. Easy to navigate and set up chat rooms for up to 10 people. From what I understand, it is free for up to 100 people and under 40 minutes.
No good
My experience using Zoom is great!  So appreciated this device!
Extremely helpful concept.
The Zoom platform has allowed me to continue fellowship and connections in my faith community. Thank you!
"Very convenient app.
Easy to use."
"Online yoga saving me!
Thank you!"
Does not work.  Cannot join meetings easily
Keeps disconnecting at all the wrong times. Has great potential. Please fix!
Can’t connect my contacts because it takes like 2 hours to text the code to my phone! The app only allows for one minute!!!
To me Zoom is awesome,but one time when I was using Zoom my friend put a background and didn’t know how to get rid of it.
I’ve used this w/ my family as my sis has a mtg ID number. I’ve not had a lot of success trying to set up w/ another group if friends & they have expressed some frustration in trying to use this app:/. Overall, it’s gr8 idea just need better understanding/explanation of how to use.
I had everything ready to go then tried to add my contacts from my phone. Zoom said it was sending a confirmation text to my number I listed and no text ever came. I tried 5 times, gave up and deleted this garbage app from me phone.
Most of it doesn’t work unless you upgrade or get tech support. It’s a waste of time.
Thank you for providing a good means of communication especially during the shut in due to COV-ID 19.
Great
Was very easy to setup and use. Thankful I was introduced to Zoom.
Review
During these trying times when we are asked to distance ourselves socially, it’s nice to have a platform where we can connect with our loved ones.  It’s easy to use and you can both see and hear the people you’re reaching out to.  I am so grateful for the ZOOM connection!  Thank you!
"We just held our Sunday school class with Zoom with about 30 participants. Took us awhile to work out all the kinks. But overall fantastic. 
We also participated in our Sons wedding with Zoom. 
It again was fantastic. 
Thanks for such great technology"
Thank you for having such a functional platform during regular times of life. EXTRA THANKS for being available to so many during this Covid 19 struggle.
Very easy to use
They asked for all kinds of contact info and won’t send me a verification code when I request one. Now they have all my information. 😡
Zoom is amazingly fun and a great app to use for work and school 🏫 my class used it for school and we can use it for FaceTime to get it it is fun and easy to use
i don’t want to have to do school during the quarantine so bad rating
Xoá mẹ app đi báo hs vừa th cho hs ng ta nghỉ dịch đi
Sunday service was great
I tried to find the delete option for a test meeting that a created, for a little bit more than 10 min. and I never find it. I went to search in google and it took me to the help center. It just give me some options that I didn't find on my iPad.
"I just learned how to do this as I was asked to join a conference call via-zoom.
I didn’t realize how easy it is to download the app and connect.  Once you do it one time and experience it, you become amazed.
My daughter is 12 years old and she taught me about zoom (before my conference call) because she uses it all the time with her friends as they play on-line games together.
I will definitely use this zoom app more and set up my own small group meetings."
Lo mejor para estar conectados.  A nuestra iglesia
Grateful for zoom!!!
The picture was there, but the volume was only a screeching noise
I have tried several other teleconferencing apps as a way to keep my Bible Study group connected on Sunday mornings during the COVID-19 outbreak.  Zoom is the easiest and most powerful app for bringing people together and helping them to stay connected as a group.  The user interface is easy to use and intuitive.  The video quality is excellent in spite of the fact that we have supported teleconferencing with over 30 users!!  The visual indicator is wildly helpful in focusing me on the person speaking.  This app really does zoom.  I have already begun telling my friends.
I’m doing this with my class! We are doin online Learning!
Easy to use even for non-computer people, wonderful tool.  HIGHLY Recommended.  David
This app was a disaster audio quality was bad just a bad experience had to use for a job interview didn’t go well
We were using the app for the first time today and it closed down after 30 minutes saying the 30 minute free trial had ended. What does this mean and how much is a subscription?
First time I’ve used Zoom and it worked great. Can’t wait to learn all the functions.  Thanks during the Coronavirus.
What a wonderful site. The videos were clear and the audio was a good quality. I was able to connect with my church family. I will try it with other groups next.
We are feeling isolated and missing our church family. With Zoom we were able to join in the worship service.  Hymn singing was a bit distorted but we felt thankful for the chance to meet with our friends
I give this App a three star review because it was kinda slow but also it is very good when u actually get going
Bsbsb
Love the app
Excelente
Worked flawlessly for our 45 minute plus preaching/message. Excellent app!
Features were simple to use and the break out room feature was really good
Work well even with the spotty reception at my house.  I’m grateful!  I can still meet with my yoga class!
Awful set up experience g99
Have not gotten to the video part yet but you literally have to have an iq of a super computer to figure it out!
We had our first virtual Sunday worship service today.  There was a little delay, but overall it worked great.
Using this for small group Bible Study Class due to the Coronavirus Pandemic.
Wonderful work out
This avenue of “Live Streaming” Conference  Calls or Meetings provides a great opportunity to stay connect in these uncertain times.
The video quality and accessibility left a lot to be desired. It was very hard to access for my class and made it much more challenging than the class would have been otherwise. Do not recommend.
I am currently in the 6th grade, and our school had to shutdown because of the coronavirus, and now we use this, it is very very good for online classes.😊👍😃
lol see above
Take em down boys.
"ZOOM It’s exciting to see a platform that works well right out of the app download...Very good stream, smooth communications and nice interface for all the user’s.
Thanks"
Was fairly easy to join a meeting with a little coaching from my friends
I can happily talk to peeps without getting de CORONA
Use it to talk to friends but I can not upgrade to pro.
It works very good. I wish I could get virtual background on all devices though.
It’s  like I’m in glicthy wonder land
Muy buena app
My teacher put us to use this app so I decided to get this at 1 star to get it out of App Store
Being a teacher having to teach from home and a worship leader at my church, this platform has been a life saver for keeping us connected! Thank you! Thank you!
I used this app for the first time today. Sound quality and video was very good. It was very easy to use.
I don’t 100% know the controls yet, but it is very clear and understandable!!
Receiving code takes hours and than it doesn’t work.  Basic seems useless. Let’s see
It does not let me in to the meeting when I’m invited.....
I’m apart of a community that meets regularly and due to the current state of the world we are not to meet in person by law. Zoom has helped us connect and stay current with one another on a weekly, or daily basis if necessary. So grateful to have this as a resource!
Zoom is keeping us together even when we are apart. Zoom keeps quarantined spirit high. Thanks zoom. 👍🏻❤️
Thanks for this video platform that is conquering the “social distancing “ dilemma!
Every time i put in my cell number to sync my contacts to find others using this app on my contact list it sends me a conformation code an hour later which makes it no longer valid. I want to sync my contacts to find people.
Love it!   Such a nice way to stay in touch!
方便快捷
Merged my account with another and disappeared
When I try to link my contacts it only provides 60 seconds to get a verification code but the verification code takes several hours to come to my phone. Then when I try to use it, it’s invalid because it took too long. Dumb
"Decent app and works well enough. A bit laggy, but that’s to be expected, right now especially. 
I just wanted to make sure you guys know that people are rating you 1 star to try to get this off the App Store so they don’t have to do school work during this coronavirus outbreak, so maybe don’t reward them by taking it off. Some are rating 1 star genuinely but many are just children, teens, and possibly adults who are being irresponsible. I’m not sure you guys are even going to see this, but just in case you didn’t know. Thanks! 
(To those doing this: Yeah yeah, call me a snitch, but it’s a jerk move, guys.)"
Suggestion: Get, Get, Get!
I want to give 1
Nevaeha
When I click Resend email it doesn’t work. I clicked it a bunch and still nothing.
"This app is ok but a lot of work 
You have to enter peoples email address which is crazy people have whacked out emails addresses 
For example xxtre29$!?c//#%. @bellsoutn.net 
Not normal if you could just pull from your contact name like type in bob smith and add him like that. 
Much simpler I have had to enter emails 3 or 4 times because I miss one character of the email. 
Needs to be more  user friendly it takes a computer tech to know how to use this thing.
Once you install the app have a short learning session for each icon on your the screen. 
Why not for each icon have explanation on what it’s for and how to use it."
Can’t do virtual background and I don’t know why.
I hate you with the intensity of a thousand thousand blazing suns. The entirety of human language cannot begin to express my disdain for you, you sniveling worm, your grunting ape, you whining dog. You've insulted, demeaned, and outright mocked forces beyond your comprehension, and an end shall soon be upon you. As we speak, the legions of Hades come against you, there will be no mercy, no recompense, and no respite, for your transgressions are beyond forgiveness, and you will answer for them. Eternal torment and woe be upon you, lowliest of fools, weakest of men, dirtiest of filth, for oblivion's embrace is beyond you.
"It’s useful I guess...bad connection and stuff. Useful for meetings
I guess...🙄😬"
can’t sign in
I can’t express how grateful I am that Zoom has an affordable platform to use for both business and, for personal meetings. Recovery is a HUGE part of my life and during this ‘social distancing’ period we are living through, Zoom meetings allow us to continue to get together and have meetings. Thank you! ALV
Hi. I have the zoom app and it worked for one of the Church group I follow. However it di not work for another. Heads up, you were designated by two different churches to be the go to app. In this time of isolation due to the virus, they are seeking ways to get services to the parishioners.  You may want to reach out a give some technical advice and directions to this population. The pastors are not ready for the technology and may not have someone on board to help.
"Not user friendly 
Trying to creat account and nothing works correctly"
Awesome while we're stuck in our homes trying to stay safe.
VERY bad
Hhhhh
I am very impressed with the clarity of this app.  My friends and I were able too have a great chat and enjoyed seeing each other during the shelter in place order.
Very useable on my iPhone 11PlusMax!
This is the best app I’ve ever used when it comes to video group meetings, I’ve had no problems with connection or communication,  on what so ever...
Thank you so much for developing this amazing program. My little church was able to meet for worship and Bible study on short notice as we quickly made changes in response to the epidemic.  It made us all feel so much closer and connected during this time of necessary separation. Well worth the monthly expense.
Haha
"Three different meetings over the last several months have reported that they could still hear me when I was dialed into meeting audio and my telephone app was absolutely muted. 

I use all the web conferencing apps and this is the only one that has this problem."
Had never used it but very user friendly! Love it!
The audio is mediocre but passable.
For the boys For the boys For the boys
It is confusing to use and it just doesn’t make sense. I’d just say stick to oovoo or face time
I use Zoom to teach Zoom to teach music remotely and now with social distancing it is invaluable !
Eeeeeeeeee good app mommy called me baby for sock tricks
This app has been very useful for a small church which needed to continue its Bible studies and services.
How can I type in zoom? I don’t wanna talk or film!!!! + y the fk teachers can open your mic and camera!!!
Conéctate hoy a las 7:00 pm  regístrate y se te enviará el código de acceso unos minutos antes gracias y disfruta de tu tiempo .
Great
Get this to 1 star now!
This would be great to cast my yoga class to the tv
Die
"I upgraded to pro and now it won’t work it shows error message token has expired.  I have tried searching online and no way to fix.

Sent email Saturday and a request today for help no responses."
Zoom’s privacy policy is that there is no privacy. They can do whatever they want with the information they collect about you, which is bound for misuse. Did you know that whoever manages the call (ie. the teacher) can see what tabs and windows you have open? They can also see which one you’re clicked on. Zoom collects data on the programs running. This is disgusting.
Trash it’s the worst app I have ever used it is basically torture
It’s terrible not working
For this “senior,” it was so simple to log into my prayer group via zoom! Thank you!
not good
Pointless without this.
I love ❤️zoom because I can talk to all my friends and have so much fun
Connection is good, and allow everyone to see each other’s face.
Glitchy and terrible please take down
Impossible to add contacts
Zoom is a solid organizing and social tool for virtual meetings or fun gatherings.
It ended the call and I had to sign back in to call again
Loving every minute of happy hours with friends and work meetings during this quarantine!
Very easy to join The meeting once I downloaded the app
I don’t wanna FaceTime my teachers
It is a piece of poop
Signal cuts in and out. Abruptly ended with out notice or opportunities to say good bye.
i cry every time i have to use it. if i could rate it 0/5 stars, i would. jesus did not have this app in mind when he died for everyone’s sins.
Doesn’t work
I wanted to connect my phone contacts to zoom, so it asked to send me an SMS code to my phone.  I tried it 3 or 4 times and no code.  It only gives you 60 seconds before the code expired.  I just now got the codes, 3 hours later. 😡😡  And whatever app I need to download on my computer is confusing.  I want to use Zoom and have a split screen between my phone and computer.  I can do Marco Polo, FaceTime, Skype, Google Duo all very easily.  This app is NOT user friendly and confused the crap out of me.
Chúng ta nên được nghỉ hè một cách nguyên vẹn :))
No words to praise Zoom! Beautifully designed with so many features. Everything works without any glitch showing that the scalability is very good
Im super tired of using this app so much. All the things that happens to me when I’m using it. So buggy, laggy, broken, and it’s not working properly. This is the worst app I ever used when coming to do school work. FaceTiming my teacher is cool and all but I’m getting all these bugs, like it’s kicking me out the class and I can’t join back because it won’t let me. I hope you guys gets this fixed in the future. In overall I have this a 1 but I will give this a 5 if it actually works
I literally (well, almost) feel like Zoom meetings are saving my life right now. I don’t do well when isolating! Great video and audio quality, easy to use.  Can’t say enough good things about the experiences I’ve had so far. Thanks Zoom!!
Ive been trying all day and still not getting my code by text fast enough
Horrible audio, the moment I try to use it it crashes, take it off the App Store
Great way to connect during the lockdown!!!
We can’t go to school bc of the Coronavirus so this was a good way to talk teacher so they can still teach us!!
I am so thankful to have found this app during these trying times. It’s been a great way for me to connect with people.
It was good, but I’m not getting a code to connect my contacts
It kicked me out in the middle of a group chat
I love this app! It meets all my needs! I definitely recommend it to anyone and everyone!💗😃
Thank You Zoom for keeping vital communities together during this time (COVID-19).
Todos
I defy the developers to explain how to start using this mobile app from scratch
Thank you!!! Zoom For being a lifeline for family's across the globe.
I love zoom I get to see my friends from school in social distancing
I was afraid I’d never be able to set it up, be able to connect, etc. But it’s a user-friendly platform- even for us house-bound old folks. It’s so much better than just a phone call; we find ourselves saying, “see you again tomorrow night.” Something to look forward to in these hard times. Zoom is connecting the world. Thank you.
Since the corona virus pandemic we haven’t been able to attend school and this app gives quality service and a good e-learning environment
this app is ruining my life i don’t want to have school at 8:30 in the freaking morning kk thank you goodbye. do not have a nice night.
I’m new at this but it’s something I will be using much more In the future.
This app made me so mad! It logged out my students while I was performing a lecture! It is arguably worse then not teaching them at all!! DO NOT GET THIS APP!
Lately too many times call gets disconnected and voice of speakers echoing
"The phone contacts matching for iOS doesn’t work.  The instructions are wrong, leading you to a settings toggle in your phone that doesn’t exist, and the verification SMS that supposed to be sent when you enter you phone # never arrives. I verified this on two different iPhones.

I’ll be looking for something better."
"Since we are stuck at home and now this has been my go to meeting place!!!! 

Thank you Zoom"
Awesome for The rest of Quarantine school semester
This is for my college and high school peeps! Add my snap! @ kenethnorth !!!
Thank you for the kindness and for giving us the opportunity of using it in such a time!! God Bless you, know the bless that this app is giving us!!
The authentication code come too late.
Digital learning is made possible with the Zoom app. Thankful for Zoom, because otherwise this virtual learning/social distancing movement wouldn’t be possible.
much trash, ruined coronAcation
注册就搞晕人了还怎么用啊，辣鸡
Downloaded the app on my phone, however I can’t creat an actual account. Every time I try to activate my account the link they send doesn’t go through. Technically I don’t need an account to use the app, but it would be nice to have one where I can save my class code and not have to manually input them. 🤷🏼‍♀️
Horrible. Slow and hard to use
In the uncertain age we’re in I think you at Zoom should provide free unlimited meeting times. Most companies have gone to this and offer free memberships, workouts and the like since we are social distancing. It is NOT time to make a buck when a lot of us are out of work.
Cannot thank you enough for this platform! Allowing so many of us to remain connected in so many ways. Really vital in this time!! How can we thank you Zoom? So grateful!!
"Zoom has been very important at this time of quarantine. What a pleasure to be able to meet with friends,see their faces, and have a conversation. 
Bob Walsh"
Works really well to bring people together
I
It has great wifi doesnt glich cost no money and you can talk to classmates
It’s called Zoom because it’s super fast. It has seamless connection even with horrible internet. I would recommend Zoom to you.
Thank you
So far we have been using this video-conferencing tool with great effect to gather family, a congregation, friends and business associates. There is a small learning curve for those who are not tech-savvy but they soon pick up what they need to join, speak and share screens. I like it!
I don’t have a problem with the app it’s just that students are forced to use this app and I don’t like the idea of that. Like why do we have to use it we never agreed on anything.
Horrible
I think Zoom is a good app I like this app because you’re able to see all your friends and Other people Like for example I just got off the zoom app with my friends and I thought it was really fun to talk to my friends because I haven’t seen in a long time because of the coronavirus we had off school but I’m really excited because I can still talk to them through Zoom it’s been a really fun time doing Zoom Can I go talk to my principal which is really cool she’s like the best principal ever but sometimes I don’t get to talk to them but I know that I wanna have the best time with all my friends family members and anybody else that I can think of and I want to read this email because I thought it was an amazing app so thank you Zoom you’re the best
This is an excellent app for school.
Very Effective...
Thank you for giving this to schools. You are the kind of person who makes society work.
It is almost impossible to enjoy I don’t know how it has a 4.6 it is horrible
The app sends me an email for nearly every button a click. The amount and quality of emails are unimportant and unnecessary.
No
My coworker used this to call me while watching pr0n on his phone
We regularly have class with 30 plus individuals and this supports everything we need to do!Really happy to have it at this time!
App is horrible
Meetings online...this is a life saver
I’ve faced difficulty with connection and apply
The audio did not work at some times and the video was laggy.
In the Coronavirus times this resource help to stay in contact and teach my Spanish classes!!!!!
High quality video and audio throughout our meeting. No drops or throttle of quality. Great value.
Ruins students ki piyari zindigi 😍
"Dear Zoom Creator,
Thank you allowing me to see some of my dearest soul people, inspite of our self imposed distancing at this time . Sometimes seeing is the next best thing to breathing in their oxygen . 
Peace of Christ,
+Nancy Fahey"
Basic is great ! Totally easy to set up, and SO beneficial under the current issue of the Virus.
Terrible app can’t use it
"I can chat with my friends when can’t come to their house plus I can do other stuff while I am still talking to them 

So yeah is good."
App freezes and is slow
Wonderful!
Wonderful app
miserable app
I hate this.  f online classes no cap
It helps is
This is my first time using zoom and I am truly amazed with sound quality and video. I’m right now using zoom as a student. All of my teacher's are using zoom for online classes because of cornavirus.
Rate 1 star for no school work meetings:)
We used this during the coronavirus quarantine to play a table top game at a friend’s house! Two of us moved the pieces and the rest of our party deliberated about the best moves. The game was Pandemic and though we lost, it was still a lot of fun!
Use it. it is so much fun and it is free! The first time I got online I had such a great experience with this app I love it and I think you should try it out
Zoom Basic is a useful free app for teleconferencing and videoconferencing and it does both quite well.
"-Looks outdated
-Camera does not work while multitasking on iPad, cannot have two windows open at once."
I mean I don’t like doing school. Lol corona, but it is good. I hate shcool
No test call that plays back your audio, like in skype. And no audio on iPad.
The screen should be bigger and audio is breaking up a bit
Setting up zoom to access phone contacts. Says msg will be sent but the code sent takes much longer to receive. Been trying all day....
This is a easy to use app for video calls among co-workers or colleagues. I would like for you guys to add the number of participants to the front screen when we joined a conversation using a smartphone and only 4 screens show up. It could be hard to know how many others are online unless we swipe to the side. Thanks
I reccomend this app to anyone! I have been using this for online learning because school is out and it works great! Only one problem is that the audio isnt the best but itherwise great app!
I downloaded the app and it won’t send an email to my email address to made an account . Waste of time
Won’t let me sign up.
Super seamless, and very intuitive. Great program
In this moment of work disruption and connecting remotely with colleagues, Zoom has been a game changer In keeping our business flowing. Thank you
With Covid 19....learned to resort to alternative one to one lessons.  So helpful to have this app.  Grateful too.
I can’t create an account cuz they won’t let me have the confirmation email.
👎
Ghfyggyu
☀️☀️☀️☀️
Can’t get help from anyone
When this program works it’s great however there are times it seems to have gone on holiday. Not sure at this point if I would recommend this to others
:(
Best Communication App ever I can connect with my friends without texting them
Thank You
absolutely hate it, no online school pls
Thank you for this miracle of connection in a time of tremendous change and uncertainty. Although I haven’t a clue how it works , I’m grateful for the technology that allows me to be part of a bigger picture of strength and acceptance while being asked to separate myself for the greater good!  Together we get better through Zoom! 😄
This app works great!
This app is horrible. It doesn’t work and it’s hella glitchy
Wonderful!  Using for meetings and distance learning lessons. Trying to figure out can one participant be providing audio while another participant providing visual?
It was everything in one. It helps with having fun and learning.
Hello, I’m a recovering Alcoholic and Drug Addict with 11 years sobriety.  With this 2020 Pandemic and the suggestion to self isolate, AA meetings all around the US have resorted to Zoom.  Meetings are an important part of my sobriety and for keeping me spiritually fit.  We are feeling connected as much now as we were when we would meet in our individual groups.  Zoom, just know the App is keeping people connected in a special way because meetings are necessary for our Recovery.  Thank you so much.
Even using hardware volume button on my iPad won’t reduce the volume to a reasonable level.
ZOOM is the best way to do online school work and just chatting with your friends.Those who aren't using it I recommend you do so right now. What are you waiting for? Go on and download this amazing app!
Having tools like Zoom to conduct meetings, share fellowship and stay connected as been a blessing to me, my family, my organization and my community. Thank you.
Frustrating
It glitches sometimes and I can’t hear what people are saying. Overall loved it.
This is a very useful app but I have some difficulties with it. First, I can’t always share my screen from my iPad to my computer. And when I do, I can’t see all of my students, which is really necessary. Joining and leaving breakout groups is really slow. If these things were fixed, it would be fantastic.
This app is a really good way to learn lessons as what is going on
I’ve tried to use it and can’t.  The sign up won’t even send an email confirmation.
I love zoom
Has been a great platform to stay in touch with family and friends!
Can yall update it so o can look at the meet and take notes.
Excellent resource, normally very reliable. Lately, people on a call will be kicked off and have to reconnect.
trashy i don’t like tbh and a waste of time pls remove from app stroe
I do not know what I would do without ZOOM. I’m 73 and stuck to the ground in the country, and without seeing my friends on ZOOM in my meetings, my life would be so terribly different. This service is a game-changer.
Zoom is a platform where you need up with other people and is pretty much a merge FaceTime. However, Zoom is quite confusing. As a student, my teachers had to use 3 days if training to be able to explain to us. Plus, I was also very confused. I appreciate what it&#39;s trying to do, but it would be much better to just FaceTime.
I’m home and used this up to keep working from home and it’s awesome.
Hate this
School is cancelled because of COVID-19 and now I have to learn at home because of this app.
How do I get a backround on my iPod touch. But I could get a background on my iPad
Flawless execution for a large class.
Social distancing is challenging, zoom lets me have a semblance of normalcy so I don’t feel so isolated.
I’ve always considered Zoom as a good product but it has been our savior during this pandemic. Not only is it keeping us doing business but it is helping facilitate much needed human interaction. Thank you Zoom!
grate its nice
why did you make this app. we now have Quaritine class 😡
It’s terrible, it crashes! Take it down! And I don’t feel like FaceTiming my teacher 7 in the morning! She’s doing class form the bathroom! I hear people in the shower from my class. If I could, I would give it -10/5 star review. I suggest everyone give 1 star review
I’m supposed to be using this for online dance classes because of the COVID-19 virus going around but I’m not receiving a confirmation email to activate my account. I have tried 2 different emails and nothing is being sent to them. I’ve tried the gmail website, app, and my mail app. Nothing is working. Is there anything you guys can do?
Zoom keeps telling me that they’ve sent an email allowing me to create a password. Nope, and not in my junk folder, either.
So far so good. My only issue is that when I try to sync my contacts I receive the code 4-5 hours later. Not sure what the problem is because the device I’m using is almost brand new and I don’t have a problem receiving any other texts.
The ability to have meetings on this app has been such a gift during a time when we need more social interaction than we’re able to get right now. Sanity saving! Thank you!
:)
"Can’t sign up to use the service, because confirmation email to activate service was never received.
I tried six or seven times before giving up and deleting the app"
Poor quality
This is a wonderful tool!
Easy way to communicate with your classmates
Zoom is amazing, and very useful! My school has gotten shut down due to the Coronavirus, and Zoom is very useful.
"Works well!  I wish there could be an easier way to share the recorded meetings or trainings but otherwise good.   The chat features are a bit dated.  You cant drag things into the chat.  

But works very good for video conferencing!"
Bad bad bad
This game is really helpful and useful to call more than one person at once
It didn’t send me a Email
I put a virtual background up, now I can’t figure out how to change the background. Help!
My friends can change the background which makes me laugh at it and overall it’s great!!!
"Zoom  is a terrible app. One of my friends was muted and couldn’t unmute. My other friend couldn’t show her face we did everything I didn’t work. Please don’t
Download zoom"
"I’ve tried on my iPhone and iPad mini. I’ve followed your sign up but it will not send the code by email. I have to download this before my virtual doctor visit.
I’m sick as a dog; colon problem not virus.

Thanks.
Gwendolyn Edenfield 
912.674.1066"
Probably the best, I really like zoom
Easy to use
It won’t send the email to let me sign up!! So annoying because a lot of people want me to get it
ZOOM is easy to use and provides quality video meetings. They also area eager to offer to support for new users and there is a nice vibe with this company.
Doing this because I hate that my teachers are making me do work and wake up early.
"I love Edwin’s voice, poses, chime!  He is soothing, calm and authentic. 
Pauline"
Great app
I was hoping to use this app for music jams but the audio lagged so bad, you could not hear the other players in time. Participants had a hard time joining. For now Facebook Messenger works better.
Has been a great way to stay connected to family and friends and has also allowed me to continue working with clients. Thank you!!!
Unable to receive verification email or sms multiple attempts 👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻
I got zoom when my teacher sent a text to me and I must say it’s actually a really good app. I would recommend this to so many people. Also another cool thing is that you can see up to 100 people at a time. Honestly this app is a really good app for meeting calls.
Just need it to allow more than 9 participants to show up on the screen, please!
Need this for remote learning for my handicapped son tried 3x to join never got confirmation email.
Terrible app
I like it
it lags a lot
This is so hard to sign up
I wait for literal hours for this thing to send the email. Not good
Not doing school work in this app
Yes take down this app please everyone vote 1 Star
it is a really good app and i suggest that you have this app. you can talk to your friends even in the shelter in place without getting sick
Tried sign it up for zoom per my daughters teacher request and have tried for an hour to sign up and the confirmation email was never sent!
the connection is horrible and the way that every meeting starts is bad because i can not unmute  myself
This app goes out of its way to be complicated and has no means to recognize contacts stored on the device it’s running on.
If we students give learning apps like google classroom one star school cant use them spread the message
It is not  good they’re making
What a blessing this app has been while we’re confined to home during the corona virus!  Today I was able to “attend” my WW meeting and then just now I met online with my prayer group sisters.  Way to go Zoom.
Will not send me verification code!
Needed this app to have a video call with my doctor during this coronavirus issue and the app keeps telling me it sent an email and that I need to verify but no email has been sent. I have done this several times, hit the “resend email” button numerous times and still nothing.
It is an amazing app, and thank you for spending time creating this app. It is glitchy with meetings, so will you please fix that? Overall it is an amazing app, and my school uses it. Thank you for your time.
How do I add a background
It is really difficult to sign up for the service. They need to send a confirmation to your email but after 3 tries, that hasn’t come through on my end (no, it’s not in the spam, junk, promotions or other files) AND no one answers the support line phone number that Zoom provides. After waiting on hold for 10 minutes the phone has been ringing for another 8 minutes with no one answering. Maybe there are better more responsive services out there?
Easy fast reliable
This app is just a waste of space in your device really I cant even go into a session because it allways asks me to sign in i try to join sign in  Really dowload Google Meet oo skype or an aternative to this piece of junk
I have been involved in a number of Zoom meetings, successfully so far.  I have, however, NOT been able to sign up to host a Zoom meeting.  I have requested them to resend emails 3 times so I can sign up, and received no response (and no invitation).  Disappointing.
I don't like it because they send me too much homework.
Screen share with low res videos needed urgently
Today was fabulous!  This app is awesome!
I had to do a verification email and it didn’t send to me I still can’t use it it’s not very good btw I’m 11 so no judgement on my grammar or whatever
The greatest app for my classes during this crisis
No
It says my account is now locked but gives no way to unlock my account
When I tried to sign up it would not send the confirmation email to me and I waited a day and still no email. And after I got the email when it send a code to my phone number the same thing happened
Tried on my iPad, iPhone and MacBook. Won’t send email to me.
Amazing
Love, love it! Especially during this time of self distancing! Hope you can keep up with the high demand!
This app is awful and the audio
I had to download the app for my online therapy appointment... I signed up with my email and no email has been sent. I’ve asked them to resend the email several times... and nothing. I checked everything and all of the information is correct. No email is sending. I can’t even sign up. Nothing is working.
It just won’t work!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!😤👎😭🤯😡🤮😫🌮🤢👎😝
This version doesn’t have same options as windows desktop version. Would like the green screen option
It won’t let me sign up?
"We love Zoom. We are connecting with our families that are spread across three states and it is helping us get through the quarantine time. 
Highly recommend !!!!"
What an awful app always lags
Awesome tool great performance for online classes
App seems great and works well but the verification code to sync your phone number takes hours to show up for me.
I tried to sign up 5 hours ago and it said it would send a link.  I am still waiting and have asked to resend the link 15 times and am still waiting.  Kinda hard to use if they cannot get the simplest technology right.
I am so grateful
I thought this would be a great app to use but after getting it, It’s very unorganized and hard to used
We feel connected as a school community due to Zoom! Great platform
app hay đó nhưng mà có chức năng để giáo viên kiu em lúc em đang đi vs nên e hong vui
Bad
Zoom has made it possible for me to communicate successfully professionally and personally! I love it!
Can u plssss add the text feature for iphones we only can use a brush or s pen
I can’t get myself signed in!
I really like this app. I love seeing my students during online learning. Love the chat option for those without a mic.
Nxndndnrndnr
Love this platform. I can even log in with two different devices as my laptop webcam is broken.
Tried multiple times to sign up and I would never get confirmation email.
Thank you for zoom
I did not get the email for activating my account
What a great way to meet with my friends and church family during this stay @ home order!! Thank you Zoom!
"Saving my work life during COVID.

A thousand thanks!"
Won’t allow me to sign up!!!
I’ve tried to set up both of my daughters so they can access for school meetings. Can’t get past the first step since the confirmation emails don’t arrive. Your help center doesn’t help either in this regard.....
What a great tool to keep in touch and to be able to share with many members at one time!
it's super hard to go and add an account. i have it on my laptop and it was fine. but as soon as i tried to get it on my phone it was a whole problem. it is very hard to try and login to my account without it saying failed or wrong password when i am putting in the correct information. Zoom please fix this.
"Man, I thought this was an app that could be pretty good but I was wrong. It only lasted for 40mins with my group. 

It has be something better than this?"
Hey
Horrible never sent me my confirmation email for trying for about an hour and i missed a very important meeting.
Zoom is laggy and keeps randomly shutting down.
Tried to set up a call from both mobile app and desktop and would not set call in number.
I tried to sign up and it says it will send confirmation to my email and then doesn’t.
I love to connect with my friends
I’ve been trying to sign up for awhile, but I’m not getting the confirmation email I’m supposed to. I’ve tried to resend it several times, and still nothing. I even tried with the website, but that didn’t work either.
Zoom has allowed our company to continue business as usual during such a critical time. Our employees are just as, if not more effective due to the ease off communication. We have also been able to continue servicing our patients while minimizing potential exposure of COVID-19, putting our frontline nurses at little to know risk, all while maintaining compliance. Our Staff and patients extended our gratitude.
Seamless. Thank you. It has been a life saver for me during these trying times.
"I tried to sign up 5 times. The app said it would send a confirmation link. I requested over and over. It has yet to arrive. Yes I’ve checked my spam/junk box.
Later.....
Due to high volume, the site was bogged down. This is why it took so long to get a link.  After it was sent, all went well w/ my zoom meeting."
I’m so sorry for the previous review! I got the email this morning!!! I have not gotten the chance to use it yet but I’m sure it’s great!! Again sooooooooooo sorry!!😔
The app took a while to sign up but I did eventually get on. Haven’t used it yet but will update my review once I have a chance to try it out.
"I did finally receive it. Thank you very much
Terri"
send e mail code
It took a while but email link finally arrived.
No way of finding out how to get virtual backgrounds??
Thought this could be an excellent way to connect to colleagues as well as friends and family. But unfortunately those of us involved in the first test of this app/service were very disappointed. Low, barely audible volume, despite highest volume settings on our devices was biggest concern. The lack of, or maybe hidden, help resources was another big concern. Sources for volume and help should be intuitive, on the app, and even while on the video call. They don’t seem to be!
Love this new experience and technology. It’s very interactive and feels connected although there’s no physical contact. Very convenient too. Love it and will definitely recommend it to others.
School if tryna make me use this and I don’t want to
Zoom has been a life saver for all the 12 step programs.
Today when my class talked it crashed and glitched.
Plase
Very nice! Have chats with friends daily.
Missing ability to turn on preserve original audio like on the computer version!   I am using zoom for remote music lessons.   Most students are using an iPhone or iPad.  Auto-gain and other processing make it sound terrible.  Students using a computer that can use original audio sound fine.    Besides this everything working fine and I am happy with the features.  Please add as soon as possible!
zoom didn't let some people join , it kept them waiting , and kicked some out.. and just because i have the basic package, it does  not qualify for me to speak to an operator .. i just need to know how to work this thing especially now that we need to stay away from people ..
I can’t add any of my contacts because the required code never sends. “resubmit code” doesn’t work either...
thank  zoom for killing coved 19  it’s  awesome
Terrible app
I am loving this app. Thank you zoom for making the great quarantine of 2020 brighter! There are so many little details that they’ve thought of to make it a better experience.
Downloaded the app put in my details to sign up. No luck!! Try several times. Not impressed!
Muy buena forma de mantener el contacto de la familia
"ZOOM has my mic muted. I followed the prompts to go to my settings and “fix” it under Microphone. However, it’s not there...the message found states that the apps that have requested use will appear in that area.

Apparently, the ZOOM app never requested to use my microphone. 🤦🏻‍♀️

Really hope it gets fixed soon."
The app is so good. But I dont like it.
Love it !!!!!
First time to use ZOOM,was during COVID19 social distancing necessity.  Flawless.  Excellent for work and personal use applications
This is wack
Just like face time... but better:). I noticed it doesn’t have all the options on a phone device vs. a PC though.  Still many good things to use it for business or family/friends.
Great app
Love this app
I attempted to host meeting and invited 10 People and only one could sign on
I’m i am in 6th grade and it is bad quality garbage and with the virus thing that is not it also I have never used it so
Downloaded quickly, prompts immediately connected me to the webinar, all audio and video worked very well.
Awesome way to maje a difference in our community
😡
Great to be with people without being with people!
Zoom has become a staple for keeping in  touch at work and at church, just in the last week. Thank you, Zoom, for being there to meet this critical need in the midst of coronavirus quarantining!
I love this app I totally recommend it but it is hard to sign in at first... the easiest way is to press sign in instead of sign up and press sign in with google (and make a google account or use one that you already have) that is just what I find the easiest. But my friends and I had trouble with that at first but we ended up figuring it out. Other than signing in this app allows you to connect with friends on a video chat even if you have an Android or if you don’t have a phone number! So overall yes totally feet this app but I also recommend looking in to “house party” it is another app like this that I personally love. It is almost the same but you can message, play games, and send videos back and forth on it. Both are great (I got both) 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
I have been connecting with my fellowship on zoom and it has been so wonderful. Very easy to navigate so even a novice can figure it out. Truly awesome.
"In lieu of the times we are living in now, I sincerely appreciate the fact that my daughter, granddaughter and I can communicate daily since we can’t visit. I miss hugging and kissing my girls but this is the next best thing.
Thank you
(Monday, March 23, 2020)"
Not allowing me to sync my contacts. Says it will send verification code but never does. I tried resending and still nothing. Very frustrating
Let’s get it to 1 star so we don’t have to listen to them bs teachers
Easy to use and very functional
Have no idea how to use this or where to put the personal ID to be used after I down load from the App Store .. and now I can not find anything ??????
LOVE IT !!!
I’m allowed to continue my recovery meetings and dance classes . I’m so grateful for Zoom. Thank you
Saving my BACON
I don’t like this app
I appreciate ease of use and versatility of Zoom. I also like the recording feature. I do much of my work online connecting with others, and when there are more than 2 of us on a call, it’s nice to be able to switch views and see multiple images at once. I also like the virtual background feature. One drawback... seems when WiFi is. It strong enough, I have trouble with audio.
Thank you so much corona. You are the reason I had to download this app. It’s pretty cool ngl 😉
Very good app for group lessons and communication!
It will only take a few minutes to get family and friends up to speed.
So grateful Zoom is available to see and talk to all of those I normally see weekly in classes, meetings and in person get togethers.  This is a great platform that works well and has a free commercial free version.  I recommend Zoom
"I would put in my email address and then my name but did not send me an email...... I am very disappointed.... 
edit: came 8 hours later......"
Why do they take so long to send a code? Please help
Zoom has been a life saver
trash
"Where is the place to hit confirmation?  Not yet received email from Zoom to get confirmation info.
Thankyou"
Great for being quarantined.
So far so good
Real helpful for meetings thank you
Maybe it would help to be able to tell where a connection (or who’s connection) is having trouble.
"It’s enabling us to stay in touch during this untouchable time. Cannot thank you enough.
All connections have been clear and good.
Zoom, your time has come."
Thank you Zoom for helping me still feel connected to the world while self-isolated, home alone!👏👏👏👏
"Zoom is making it possible for me, and thousands of other business owners stay alive during this time.
Thank you 🙏"
Video quality is not quite cutting it for me. Also don’t like how the chats all show up in one thread (private and to everyone). Overall no good, very bad app.
"Pretty useless if you have to type in every contact.  Sad as I heard this was a good app.  
( sms is failing to send me a txt and there is no secondary method coded)."
"Attempting to create an account. Received email to verify. Will not allow me to enter password I created. Tried BOTH by tapping link and copy/pasting into browser. NATTA!  
“JOKE”!!!!!!!"
Keeping together even during this Coronavirus Pandemic time!
"I have a church small group with older participants and with the Corona virus and the fact that we have to do social distancing we could no longer meet. ZOOM allowed use to keep meeting just on our phones, iPads or computer’s. 

Steve Z"
facemaskprotectme.com
This app is the worst I have seen in a while, the user interface is very poor. I can't even sync my contacts as it says I have to enable a non-extstent setting. Do not use this app, Skype is much better.
It’s bad
Well send you a code in your email. (The next day they did). Now you have a basic profile. But enter the code. Where?  Add contacts. How?
"Zoom takes you across the globe even without stepping foot onto an airplane!

Thanks,
Renita Callier"
Very laggy sketchy and you can FaceTime
Just Nah
"Can’t even enter in
URL of past meetings and watch them. I missed one for school and now I have to deal with it for coronavirus. The app mobile is where I want to watch it, not desktop"
too bad
I LOVE IT I LOVE IT
I feel duma
Garbage audio.
I just downloaded it because my cheer coach is literally thinking of doing a virtual practice..☹️😐
Đang dùng hay bị out ra thi thoảng tiếng bị rè, mất hình, hoặc mất tiếng
The app focuses much more hearing the meeting over seeing the participants. It isn’t possible to remove cameras that are turned off from taking up space in the Gallery view. Not a huge issue unless there are more than 6-8 people you are needing it SEE them.
I just like it because you can talk to the teacher and study if there is no school.This is a genius app.THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR THIS APP.I LOVE IT!!!
Zoom zoom
Idea!!
Audio was trash i could get on it at first and when I got on it crashed and it just trash
"I did everything told me code 904 6160 0800 does not work
Now you cannot uninstall this app"
Horrible audio, cuts out like crazy
This is really amazing . An amazing tool that can be used for many things
Great app !
Auto correct has spelled my name wrong and zoom wont let me fix it! other than that everything is great
Looking forward to using this tool, but hasn't returned an email for me to finish setting up.
THIS IS A LIFESAVER FOR OUR CONTINUED EMPLOYMENT!!!! Thank you!!!!!!!
Zoom is a great thing😍
I’m so thankful to stay connected with our church staff.
It is a great way for me to see my students. Still learning the in and out of it but I sure I’ll get better as the days go on. The best is the children can see each other
I can’t find the record session button. There is no raise hand feature because there in no attendees tab when you click on participants. In short the ribbon looks so much different compared to the pc version, very few buttons on it. Disappointed.
This app is closing the social gap and keeping everybody connected. Good quality sound and video if good bandwidth is available.
This has been a great AP for my AA meetings. So thank you
If I rate it one star then the app could close so I don’t have to talk with my teacher
The app worked great the first time when I entered a meeting code but now that I am trying to make my own account/sign up it won't send an email confirmation and I've waited 30 min
"Tried to use my own password and says it’s fine 
But when you sign in says no.  Crazy. Only
Allows their password."
A disaster
Smh
Being able to do therapy remotely (because of COVID-19) has been possible thanks to zoom !
Awesome app easy to use!
This is a great app to use right now while corona is hitting us because I can see my classmates and teacher during a video. It makes you feel like you are in class with everyone else. Not only is it for school you could make a meeting with your friends and talk. The only problem with it is it does glitch here and there but that may be my device. I think you should definitely get this app and it would be a great help with classes.
I’m trying to sign up and I enter a completely valid email so I can sign up to use the app, and after doing this several times the app never sends me an email. Very frustrating because I just want a simple way to sign up.
I am so great for this App it’s fantastic!!
At
During these weird time I’ve been able to count on Zoom 100%.
watched someone forget to mute their mic and get into a screaming match with someone else in the room while having a completely straight face. Stay inside flatten the curve.
Really a good app for school, church, etc in the midst of coronavirus quarantining!
This program is very slow and hard to teach kids to use
We’ve been able to hold 12-step meetings over Zoom ever since the Coronavirus pandemic forced everyone into isolation. It is easy to use and has helped me feel connected during this time of uncertainty
This app has always worked well for me. I have not found a better way to get together when actually getting together was impossible.
Zoom has been vital to educators and students across the world during COVID-19.  We have been able to see, teach, listen, and communicate quickly and efficiently to better serve our families and community while social distancing. Thank you!
It worked very well for online school but it was glitchy
What’s up with the sign in?
Like let me go through the whole outbreak in peace and nor do school crap.
I signed up for zoom and saved password to keychain. Tried to access and keeps saying invalid password. There’s no place for help to connect. I sent email for help with meeting number and no reply.
I have never seen a worse app created before.
"I want to thank all the WW Leaders and Coaches helping all of us to stay connected and not alone. It’s very nice to share and see other members during this time. Sharing things that are helping, recipes, meal preparation, workouts, etc.

Thank you WW for not leaving us hanging without a meeting.
Jan Logan Lifetime"
This app is terrible. Highly wouldn’t recommend it.
No like
"I can't get my iPad to open up with my password? What gives? When you send a link it only goes to the phone and not the iPad.
Otherwise it's great."
Good app
Baby Boomer generation so new technology for me....I love it!  Very easy to set up the first time and connect the 2nd day. Thank You for the opportunity!
Simple and easy. I used it with my Spanish tutor and I could hear him perfectly and we had a great lesson despite the fact that we were separated
y’all already know our teachers want us to do this😔
Bye
Don’t like it
Zoom’s been a lifesaver for my 4-H group during the shelter in place order. Loving using it to telework, too! Thanks, Zoom!!!.
Wish it could do more on the sharing side.
Let’s give this one star so we can close the app!
Sooooo! Gooooood!
Don’t recommend slow and laggy
This app is absolute garbanzo.
Super awesome app
This app is absolute rubbish
its takes extra to just sign up but once you have signed up its pretty easy and pretty nice
You miss your tachera Friends you can see them in this app
I would rate zero stars if I could.... I had three different steps to mute my microphone - the app did not have microphone permissions, the app said I was muted, and my headset’s hardware switch was set to mute - AND STILL IT BROADCASTED MY AUDIO. Something’s super fishy here, if it can somehow broadcast my audio without microphone permissions. I don’t trust it for a second.
Only one issue: how do you get a background on video chat for phone?
Gets a bit choppy sometimes. I like school better.
Zoom is an awesome app to see your friends and family. You can invite as many people as you want to join and you can always see everyone (unless they left). You can also change your background! There is a chat so that you can basically text while seeing your friends and family without leaving the Zoom meeting. All this is free! You should really download it.
It’s a bad app
I am grateful to have this medium to keep in touch with my grandkids. What fun!!!
I absolutely love that you can chat privately. My friend and I have already chatted a lot and it’s our first day on Zoom! She could probably say the same. We both love it!
Sign up doesn’t work. It supposed to send an email so you can sign up but the email never shows up, so you can’t use the app
I’ve been doing it for my workout and classroom meetings. I’ve had a few problems with getting moving in the beginning. So far, it has worked great!
This is the worst meeting platform I have ever seen it is impossible to use google meet is far better
Won’t send me an email to sign up
Not effective and very confusing
It’s good for meetings while quarantine
the people that are encouraging students to use this app are making a huge mistake...the quality is terrible and the audio almost never works, i spent 3 hours waiting for a verification email and when i got it i was worried about the pop up that was reoccurring on my screen. turn back now before you and your students have corrupt phones from this lousy software
Thru this app we at St Stephen’s Anglican Church in Tustin , CA, have been having Morning Prayer and a Sunday service. It has allowed us to keep in touch, pray together, enjoy the joy of Eucharist on Sunday, and know the power of Jesus in a strange and difficult time. Praise the Lord for this miracle of technology.
How do I enable my contacts in zoom to pop up?
Lifesaver. So easy to use. The first time I used it I jumped right on the meeting – very easy instructions.  Yay!!
Don’t get it all the 5 stars are bots this app is a price of junk
Nooooo
I’m super impressed with how easy it is to use this app.
Truly love ZOOM....especially in these interesting. Our group of friends “gather” every evening to share Happy Hour with a cocktail and talk about life at home...precious gift you have given old friends. Thank you.
Thank you for extending the usage tome of Zoom during COVID.
Thank you so much for providing teachers a way to connect with each other & our students. By giving us that necessary ability to meet face to face, real time is important & necessary. You are number 2 on my gratitude list today after my family and friends. Thank you during our Remote Covid-19 Learning situation. I truly appreciate your app.
Why would this sort of thing be created for school....
Could not participate in a Zumba class because audio would not work.  Do I need to pay?  Boo!
You help Y you helped You
"Thank you ! My Church “Home of Christ “is using it daily to pray and support each other  in Christ !
God bless you !"
So I don’t do school work
Just needs a few features to compete with FaceTime, like the iPad video pop out tool or better multitasking support.
I cannot tell if my zoom account is on or not
Thanks for upgrading your service options so students now have to pay to use a service they wouldn’t normally if they had a choice. Good job capitalizing on a pandemic.
This is the best app ever
There’s nothing wrong with zoom but a lot of times apps like this have more features so there’s nothing wrong it just could better
Everything is laggy and my screen always blacks out.
Bad Image quality, Too much lag , Audio is dented , and the chat sometimes crashes and doesn’t let me talk to anyone but the host , but is a half decent app .
I keep trying to sign up. For two days now their registration does not send a registration link to my email; and yes I’ve checked all spam, junk, and trash boxes.
Zoom is asome because it helps me do my work
🤮
Super
Even in quarantine, I was still able to connect with my friends.
"This is such a good app. It’s great in every single way. 

Awesome things:

-You can see who is talking or everyone
-You can share your screen
-It can fit a lot of people on a single call
-It’s easy, you don’t have to sign in, you just have to get the number of the call and press join call, then paste the number
-Great audio
-Great quality
-Works for online classes with eight people or friendly chats with just two
I would highly recommend this app to classes who need online schooling. It really works!"
Great
I give it 4 stars dude to the fact that when I want to verify my contacts the code doesn’t send right away and it sends me the code minutes later which then I won’t be able to verify the code so I can have my contacts on the app
It will not send Notification email
Zoom is easy to use for anyone who has an email and is used to working with most devices. 😊
It is great. It’s a little bit complicated to set up audio and speaker to an external screen but otherwise it is great.
What a tremendous gift Zoom has been in helping us overcome social isolation during this time of social distancing
Only gave me 60sec to enter contact code, but it took over 5 minutes every time I tried to do it for it to come in. Need maybe 15 mins and not 60 secs.
This has been able to keep us close during this pandemic reaching out to are love ones
I mean it has a lot of glitches but others it’s super
Terrible
Awesome way to connect in this time of social distancing
It’s very confusing!
trashy audio
Thanks
It wouldnt load and the audio kept breaking up and then the audio was fine but i got logged out randomly.
I never got the email confirmation to sign up. I tried 5 times.
We are
The only con I have is that meeting cut off at 40 minutes. Other than that, I really like it.
Idk
This app is alright. It’s helped me continue school through homeschool, but there are a few flaws. The audio and video can be janky if there are too many people using the app at once, and sometimes my audio just stops working.
Love this app. Have used for a few years but this year with school closing it is incredible.  Thank you for being so helpful and accessible.
Whiteboard is great for learning and doing math!
Don’t download zoom especially if you are a school many security vulnerabilities.
App is perfect!!!
When I entered my email and my name, it supposedly sent an email to my account but I never received it.I tried this with another account but that didn’t work either.Nothing is wrong with my connection and it’s just screwing with me right now.
I put in headphones I don’t. I just don’t understand YOU CANT HEAR ANYYYYTHINGGGGG!!!!??!!!??!
Maybe its better on a computer, but it was difficult on an ipad. Not clear on how to use your camera and microphone
Great great tool. Easy to use.
It was pretty good
With so much being done on Zoom right now, I use my IPad to take notes during meetings, however the zoom app is the only app that does not allow multitasking on the iPad. Please allow this!
It has good quality but whenever I get on a meeting nobody can hear me. I tried to sing happy birthday to my friend but nobody could hear or see me. But I could hear them. They already sang happy birthday so then I just gave up and left the app.
Very convenient to use and very useful tool for online learning or discussions.
It’s great for everything especially kids who are being homeschooled from the coronavirus!! Great audio!!!!!
Will not let me sign up. Keeps saying it sent me a confirmation email to complete sign up and nothing. I have deleted app 3 times and still the same.
Smells like broccoli
This technology has allowed me to attend my AA support groups through this challenging time of the Corona threat. Infinity grateful for this amazing application. It works so smoothly and effortlessly I can hardly believe it. Wow and thank you to Zoom for keeping us connected in such a way!!!
Zoom is keeping me sane right now!!
🤔🙄
"This is an amazing
ThisT 
Thi"
So
Fantastic &amp; easy to use for virtual video meetings....
I said it already and that was the truth, it’s awesome! There’s really nothing more to say. I love it! There is nothing wrong with it really it’s practically perfect in every way! Thank you for making such an amazing app! Keep it up!
Very great way of continuing to learn Torah w/friends &amp; colleagues especially in times of a plague like corona for I.e, &amp; very great for spiritual attainment of elevation.
Since our office closed due to COVID-19, we’ve been able to continue working from home and conduct our monthly meetings using Zoom. It’s especially comforting to see the faces of colleagues you may otherwise not see for 3 or more months. Side note, everyone was tickled by my San Francisco bridge background screen!
So a powerful too. But user friendly, yay!
"With this special situation we have right now it’s the perfect tool to work remotely 
Thank you Zoom for keeping our business going and hiring process is still possible"
It’s a pretty smooth UI, a nice suite of tools and options, and a pleasant user experience. I’ve used Zoom as a student and as an instructor for a year now and found it quite helpful. Also, amazing audio filtering; whoever wrote the DSP, hats off to you! It filtered out a noisy coffee shop entirely, whereas Discord couldn’t keep up.
Use this during the corona panic to talk with my teacher and class mates it works pretty well except the audio is not the best and it&#39;s a little glitchy but all in all pretty good app great for talking to large groups of friends
I’ve tried downloading it 6 times and received nothing to my email so I haven’t been able to use this app! If it has bugs like this before I even get a chance to use it I don’t even want to bother with it.
I am so thrilled with the Zoom ease utilizing this wonderful app.
Thumbs up! Been a great way to connect with my support network via zoom meetings during the pandemic
I am grateful to work as Zoom has enabled me to provide Web Sessions. Although I was not able to see my client while recording the Session. I like having the Session documented. Thanks Zoom!
awesome for quarantine
It’s great!!!
Since my daughter had to do these online classes her teacher has asked her to take meetings with this app. It works greatly but some of the features don’t work that often for her devices so overall I would rate this a 4
It gets one star because it wouldn’t let me log in when I specifically put my email in and still wouldn’t let me sign up.
"The tutorials do not match the app controls.  No audio test was offered, chat messaging too quick and I needed to go to menu to view.  Not all the participants were visible unless I clicked on that option top right screen on iPad.  Overall audio did not allow me to properly record the minutes of the meeting.
Glad its a free app...."
In my opinion I really like zoom. There are some times where your child has to stay home, for example quarantine. Your child will not be missing days of school with this app. If it wasn’t for this app my child will be having trouble doing and understanding her work. Get this app it is amazing.
It won’t connect to my contacts at all
It’s ok but I think they can make a few changes like on my phone I can’t like personalize my camera and audio like computers can. Overall it’s pretty nice to make big meetings with your friends or work meetings. I think it’s a decent app.
Really thankful that I’m able to meet with my friends and see everyone. I don’t feel so isolated, this is helping cope with all the social isolation. 👍🏼👍🏼😃
"We celebrated a family birthday. It was very nice to see the family. We all feel happier.
Thanks Zoom."
This app always crashed on me I hate it
From tiktok
This app is stoopi
Enjoyed having a clear audio and video presentation.  Thank you.
This “new normal” way of communicating is way cool!!!
Needed Jean Tucker to refill my prescriptions. My 4th attempt and I have not gotten through with Zoom.
Assume zoom is grabbing and selling data and competing for market share
Get this app! It’s super easy to use and requires little setup.
We are so pleased to able to spend time with clients during this time of social distancing! Thank you Zoom!
That’s all I got to say. Thanks to Zoom I can chat with my class easily and I love the virtual background. It give me a sense of privacy
Really appreciate the fact that this app is out there, free of charge to keep us connected. While many are trying to gouge us, and take advantage of this unfortunate situation, you have stepped up to the plate. Thank you.
I like how you can get on any device but I can’t get on the computer so I need help with that
In this pandemic, Zoom has been amazing.
Bad app
You have made it sooooo difficult to sign up, saying you will send me something in my email and then NOT sending it. After repeatedly trying to get you to send it you locked me out adding insult to injury. Shame on you!!!!
The app is good but it needs work
Now I can message my friends while in online classes cuz of corona!
It’s trash don’t download it doesn’t work and the app is to generic.
"When I try to add my phone number to setup contact matching feature, the SMS verify code is not received in time. I get it in about 2-3 hours later. Tried this multiple times over multiple days with 4 different users. 

Please fix this!"
We could not get through this without this app. Bless you and thanks for making life livable.
"M
Cantget music to sound good help"
When you get band you can’t get unbanned
Lol
That is the reason I had to use this dang app!!!😡😡😡😤
Thank You for keeping family and friends close during these trying times!
"Love it. 
Amazing. 
Wouldn’t change anything. 
So happy to have found this tool for our group meetings"
Can’t figure out how to cancel .. hit Get by mistake😬
Awful . It hacked me and wouldn’t let me unlock my phone until I gave them 150$ in bitcoin
Static robotic voices
horrible
See you all soon
This app is amazing  it works so well one problem LAGGGGG
I am so thankful for Zoom. It has allowed me to connect with my students during this trying time in the world. Thank you so much!!!!
This is a good app if you want to keep in touch with family and friends
Says “crystal clear pictures.” Not. So. Much.
Zoom has provided an outstanding platform for our team to continue its delivery of world-class services for our clients during the disruptive pandemic. Connectivity is crucial for our team members to feel the same emotions and synergy as if in the physical office. Creativity is the base for our client deliverables and Zoom, with instant meeting capability, serves as an excellent tool in our team’s means of collective thought and development. Great job, Zoom Team!
Hhhhhhhh
I’m ready to go back to school. Even though I hate school so much, I can’t stay here any longer with my parents. And now I’m getting yelled at to use zoom.
Now more than ever Zoom is essential so we can virtually touch one another- laugh together, share & support. Thank you for a great platform!
"I guess  The sound quality is dependent on my dial up connection. Lots of static .

Thank you for this app. I will teach a class these next 2 weekends and that keeps money coming in! 

🙏 TimHoltCMT"
Bonita
It really helped me do stuff
Cancelling out my daughters rating!! Go learn!!
I’m totally enjoying this app
Wish it could display more than 4 faces/participants on a iPhone screen at same time
Glitches too much and kicks me out all the time
"My brother in laws wedding was cancelled but we managed to zoom
ChT with his entire guest list on Sunday. As a teacher, I’ve been zooming a ton these last few days, and I know it’ll be my primary mode of love communication with my students. It’s a brave new world out there, y’all!"
I had to use it for my school work and when I say it’s laggy it IS very laggy. I don’t suggest it unless you have good internet connection.
Been trying all day to connect my contacts to no avail.  It won’t send me a code. Finally got a code like 2 hours later via text all 3 codes were incorrect. Yes I turned off my to see if that would help but nothing.
This website was the worst I have ever been on,The audio was horrible and so was the video quality
I just don’t like using this for quarantine education
It’s just bad
Clear - great features. Very handy tool.
This is my 1st time.
I absolutely adore this app, but, sometimes the pictures freeze up and the voice becomes very tinny. Looking forward to those flaws being fixed. Otherwise my fave out of all of them.
Very good, no glitches,very stable,good audio.
Trying to add my contacts from my phone. Sent the request. 60 second timer......it literally took 4 hours to get the text. I have screen shots to prove it. Tried 3 times.
I have an old iPhone 6s and it works great but now the Zoom app is always running in the background and I can’t figure out how to turn it off. I don’t like that it’s using power and collecting data.
While on quarantine because of Covid-19. I am able to stay active while doing online classes with all my friends.
I am loving this app to be able to still do my arobic classes since my club is closed thanks!!
I honestly hate this app, ever since they’ve had all the schools use this app in order to do our classes online I haven’t been able to hear anything my teacher says and it constantly breaks up and kicks me out of the meeting, this app is stupid, useless, and not helpful at all 🙄 better off just FaceTiming or using Skype
There is no option to do virtual background 🙁
"Signed up, went to log on, said that the PW was incorrect. Not so- I had just written it down. Reset it, same message, locked out for too many attempts. 
Frustrating"
ruined my life
i cant wait for my life to end bc of corona but thanks to zoom i still have to do homework
Hello
it  says it all in the title
"In my opinion this app is really helpful. A lot of people are giving it 1 star because it&#39;s not working, but that&#39;s probably because so many students, teachers, workers, etc are downloading the app and making accounts all at once. Servers can only take so much. Also, a lot of the 1 star ratings within the past week give no explanation, so their probably just written by students that are upset about still having to go to school. As a student myself, I&#39;m glad this app is here because now I can still graduate on time.

I would give 5 stars, but the audio seems to glitch sometimes and I can&#39;t be heard even if the microphone is on. I&#39;m not sure if this is because of the app or the network, but it can be frustrating either way. 

Thank you to the developers!"
"Awesome Everything you need only 2 Bad things before the 2 bad things about zoom I want to tell you this is kind of just like zoom.us 

The 2 Bad Things 

1. The Basic Account (It’s Free Forever) If you do group meeting you have a 40 Minute Limit
2. Unlike Skype, What’s App, FaceTime and more like that you can’t call thru zoom you have to know the meeting I D sometimes Also the Meeting Password"
Wonderful app and organization behind it!
Good
Fghhhtgggggbghvbvhjbb hbhbhbjh
When I tried to invite people, it insisted on an iMessage. Most of my contacts are on Android and have no iMessage. I couldn't find a way to invite using email. The Zoom app on Android did it instantly.
"Zoom a fishing app used by some unknown Cloud to fish for personal information unknown App use or application scary sign up and use of privacy, 

Certainly we can fo an update to this Review, 
It would have been helpful if Zoom had made it clear to all users who download the App, that the Login was a simple fishing expedition for personal Data, taking us to the EU-Law site to sign up for Zoom Use privacy, 
However after collecting your name, email address, and location, it Asked for your Organization, there was no None option or Other option to select, and of course Zoom rejected the request, 
Any App that difficult to install, and make private, should immediately send up red flags, If it sounds too good to be true, it usually is, end of review"
Works well enough
"Hope it's temporary, but the app's unusable without the confirmation email.

Update: Apparently they're swamped with new account requests and things are just bogged down. If I could delete this review I would, but since I can't I'm updating my rating because they don't deserve my uninformed opinion dragging them down.

Maybe I'll change it again once I'm on the air 🙂"
Used it in a job interview and it was very choppy
used it worked horribly and ruined my life
I literally lag out of every video chat
It’s really great!
"I’ve been using Zoom for the past two weeks and it is a fantastic Communication device. Since the corona virus outbreak my men’s discussion group has successfully met using Zoom and we all love our ability to see, hear and talk together. Five stars!

Harry"
This is a great application.
Tried to upload some live music...... not good
Being able to connect with others during this trying time, keeps hope alive that “this too shall pass.”
This app is terrible. Trying to set it up and it doesn’t send anything to the email. Than once you try to set up through FB it says session expired and won’t set it up. The developers need to fix the back end of stuff in this app. See what’s going on.
Very nice way to connect in this time of isolation.  We need each other’s laughter.
"Trying to sync contacts with my phone number, there is a one minute window to enter the code that they send to you.  That would be fine except the code came 6 hours after I requested it. When I went back in to try it was obviously no longer valid.  I’ve gone through a couple cycles of this with requesting the code be resent, but every time it shows up hours later and is already expired. 

Must be issues with their texting service to send out verification codes?

Until I can get my contacts loaded, the app is pretty much useless."
Try logging in & kicks me out right away. Can’t even use it.
All of my friends are using this and they can do cool backgrounds mine doesn’t do that and I’m mad HELP
Thank you for such great idea ,,
"In this time of seperation ,namely,covid19 “corona time “
Zoom has provided a service that is providing a great kindness.
You have brought people together to collaborate and accomplish great things to conduct  business and provide a venue for personal growth and learning.
A fabulous experience .
Thank you for creating this technology.
We appreciate it."
"Happy to have this platform to conduct my Business from home during the Quarentine due to the Covid-19.
Thank You"
This has truly been a life saver for us all here sheltering in place.
Not crystal clear audio.  Video isn’t that great either.  Super muffled sound.  Though my devices are perfect with Skype or any other software like it, so it’s definitely the apps fault.
Bob’s bobbington bobberton of bobs. It’s a good app for communicating easily
Thank you so much for this app. It is super cool!
Cannot import contacts from phone.  It asks me to send a code and then the code expires after 60secs.  However I receive the code hours later or never.
This is literally making life bearable!!
As great as Zoom is, it would be even better if I could mute / toggle cameras using my Apple Watch.
Nah I just want to get this removed from the App Store.
"Just hung out with my gals from high school in a Zoom room! Laughing out loud! It was fun and fairly easy to navigate even for someone like me whose youth was spent enjoying a tv with three channels. 
I’ve used it also for exercise classes. This week I’ll be using Zoom to take my Spanish class."
Great Job!!!!
I downloaded the app and join the group immediately and everything worked great. We try to Corus rehearsal together but couldn't find a way to cope with the different computer/Internet speeds to make it sound like we were singing together. Aside from that it was fine
So grateful for your service.  Very impressed!
Have had some audio issues, otherwise works good! One thing that would be beneficial is a apple watch app. This way you can use your watch to raise hand, mute unmute, without having to mess with phone.
Works great have had very successful meetings
Giving a middle of the road review here bc I can’t seem to get the app to send me the code to connect to contacts and I can’t seem to find any sort of help center to deal with this particular glitch either! I’d really love to use this app right now, but if I can’t connect my contacts it seems it may be abundantly less convenient... I’ve downloaded then uninstalled then reinstalled, still no luck!
I just downloaded the app for work and I can’t even do something as simple as sync my contact list. It keeps saying it’s sending a verification code but I’m not getting it and I’ve sent more than 10 times. This makes me not even want to use the stupid app anymore. FIX IT!!!!!!!
I really like it but I can’t install on my Mac
Dang bruh we gotta do this for school
Won’t let me verify my phone number
Choppy connection
Even during three trying times I have zoom for classes !!!!! TYH!!!!
Worked flawlessly
Come on google.  Fix this please.
First time signing into Zoom - absolutely amazed after using FaceTime and Hangouts.  Thank you for this app.
Doesn’t get 5 stars because it can’t seem to send out a verification code in the 60 seconds it gives you, 1st code I got was at LEAST 4 hours later. Sound can still be crap. Lagging etc.
"I like the app, and it appeared to work well as a way to meet with a group of people remotely, but when I try to use it there is no way to enable the mic. My coworkers did not appreciate me typing in the chat feature as a workaround to my mic issues, and they deemed me a Luddite for not being able to get the app to work. 
I looked up the FAQ and troubleshooting for my issues within the app, I updated iOS, restarted my phone, uninstalled and reinstalled the app, and tried it all over again. Despite my best efforts as well as multiple attempts to fix the issue of the microphone not appearing in the privacy settings in order to enable it, I am left literally speechless in my work meetings."
Awesome connection.
Sooo blessed to be told about this app!! You can have multiple contacts in one meeting. It can be for fun or  for business!!
For some reason whenever I try to sync my contacts it sends a code like e hours later and I cannot get it to work. It expires EVERY TIME!!
"Once I did (get it) 
Smooth sailing."
Great way to fellowship when we are all stuck at home !!
Doesn’t work
Zoom does not work.  No help screens.  I connected with no video and poor sound.  This app is a waste of time.
功能非常棒，但是iPad 屏幕共享，参与者的注释笔就不见了。希望修改下
Loved doing yoga with a live instructor from bloomstudio yoga
Zoom is amazing, thank you for sharing the gift of connection with all of us. I am grateful for this service.
Love zoom
During this Time of the virus...it has been really difficult not to see my huge family...but this has brought us all to get...thank you !!!
How am I supposed to know when to get on I need to click a link to get can’t add classes so unorganized and dumb
Like to take the time to whomever decides what program or apps to add that I’m grateful for this one. It’s a pleasure especially in this times that we can enjoy bible study with each other even though we’re apart. Thank you for the technology and the opportunity for togetherness.
More clear than face time
I’m
It’s glitchy but very good!
This app works great. My only problem is navigating to the features like record and host options and recorded files. Also the field for the screen could be wider.
How wonderful to have lessons online while sheltering in place! Thank you PDA and thank you Zoom...
So great for company meeting during this rough time! Thank you so much!!
It has issues!
I wanted to use this for school and I needed to make my lil sister an account and when I did it wouldn’t let me sign out of her account
It’s so bad I was in a conference meeting with this app and it kept lagging, at first I thought it was my internet but then I checked it and my internet was working good. This app is the reason why it kept lagging so much!!!! DONT INSTALL IT
The creation and promotion of social distancing is killing our world interaction and humanity. We are destroying ourselves by going virtual through this.
Says it’s HD but in reality it’s very pixelated. The sound also comes and goes.
Joe
"Update: finally received 4 texts at 2:00am. (5 hour later. Tried again at 7:00am and instantly received text.  

  
There must be a high demand for SMS code messages, because I’m not getting any to connect my contacts. 
Would love to give this app a good review, but I can’t even connect my contacts."
This is the best app
Every time when I connected just within few minutes the conference stoped I’m studying only from this app plz do something it really frustrating overall performance is great but it’s reconnecting way I didn’t like too much
Have entered the code to add contacts 10 or more times and told it was wrong every time
The app is trash it should get taken down
I can’t sign up
Too complicated. Won’t accept meeting ID I received from host. Password also received from host, but no opportunity to insert password. We are in Los Angeles but long list of country locations & list of US numbers does not include our area code (310). Keeps saying “nickname is taken” on feedback page.
Thank you
Connection is horrible. Only one person can talk at a time.
It doesn’t work it lags a lot and there is a lot of ads so good luck
Horrible just horrible
I enter my number and the code to be entered doesnt work. May be a glitch or not. Im not sure.
CORONA
The sound quality is horrible and I do not recommend it!
Absolute shoite app. The password validation outlines a list of very specific (and insecure) rules. And yet after a dozen attempts following said rules to the letter, I still couldn’t register my account. At a time like this, when video chat is more important than ever, we need Zoom to step up and work out amateur bugs like this. This is unacceptable.
This was too laggy don’t recommend
اقتصاد يا ولد ما في شي جديد يا ولد انت ما ما انت في ما شاء في شي في العالم كله ما في ادري وين انت يا اخي ما خثهثهصعث يا ما في مشكلة
This app has one of the worlds bad sound quality I ever heard of 😭 I’m pretty sure google meets is better
Could never connect
Such a blessing to be able to coonect to my church, friends , and family! Thank you Zoom!
This was a very professional app yet so easy to use in just a few  clicks I could get an account.this is amazing it was the corona virus crisis when I wrote this and my daughter used it for school she loved it so much .i don’t wanna say any names but tieerbob you really think it’s disaster wow that’s nothing like my experience.i write reviews as a hobby and this is the best review I’ve ever written that’s all -Teagan Corey
Hjkbb
Zoom has been great!
No it is definitely not a good app
"Easy to use   
Seamless as a host 
Video and sound make it possible.  I wish it would buffer more given the various speeds and internet usage. Have had very little issues at all and the average meeting size is 40 participants.  Thanks for the great service.  Looking forward for more but in the meantime no complaints.  You rock."
"My mental health recovery program is using this during the quarantine from Coronavirus. With mental health issues, isolation is a giant no-no for recovery. Zoom lets us have our meetings and we were able to not only interact with our peer support person, but with each other. It is a life saver! 
    I told my daughter-in-law about it and she is now using it for her 2nd grade class in Washington DC. She loves it as well as her students."
Good stuff
Im from VietNam , we use this app to study online . It’s very helpful .Thank dev ❤️
Fantastic software. I have been using for over three years and I have never been disappointed.
This app is very bad for students. Should definitely close
Really just a hassle to use. I had an individual class with my teacher, and it was far too arduous to work with. It was much easier using Skype and WhatsApp, and Google Meet worked a lot better and smoother than Zoom. I’d recommend something else, as the long setup and the difficulty in meetings clearly creates problems.
Great tool!
I am a 7 yr old girl out of school. I NEED zoom. It helps me with my morning meetings. My class uses it to communicate. I can’t see why people rate it horrible, slow, bad. It has great uses. So back off, horses. Zoom is better than any other communication app.
Extremely grateful to have ZOOM available and easy to access for our meetings, especially while on lockdown is in effect for our state.
"This is a perfect app for private 12 step recovery ( Alcoholics Anonymous) Mtgs easy flexible can scan all members in the virtual room with sound and plenty adjustment s 

As  You May imagine . Someone who let’s say been sober for 35 yrs with habit doing dif Mtgs nearly ea week . Not just to get sober after 3 decades but to stay sober and more importantly clean house help others rid of the hell! Keep piece mind . 
This is new even for 85 yr old program like “ - -“ 12 step program .its never ever happened even WWI VIETNAM.  9 11 not same .
So if you know someone in recovery or should be , this is good news 
Actually you have a fam member either in or will be 
One of every 5 . 7. People are practicing some addiction alcohol or drug. Or in recovery it’s a huge club and being retired admin criminal just administrator and substance abuse counselor sponsor / coach . 
To 48 % Med drs dentists are in rec or will be 
Lawyers even higher %clergy too 
The good news is even the worst hopelessly drunk /addict can recover 
And your little app will contribute to primary purpose we have “ stay clean & sober , and help others achieve sobriety !
Its reasonable for me to assume this was a  much better review than you’ve been accustomed to receive . It’s with genuine sincerity this review is not overstated 🐪"
It is cool
I love zoom so much and I like how it’s easy to access, but i don’t like that it only lets you change the background on some devices. I also don’t like how it cuts you of after 40 minutes.
When people would start speaking they would get cut off in the beginning so it made it difficult to understand.
Outstanding capability in a time where the country needs it the most. Thanks for your support!!
"We have   r e a l l y   enjoyed this app!
It has been a lot of fun. Also, great, to
keep in touch with friends, during this
time. 😃 ❣"
This app has been a life saver for my wellness business. I am working with clients individually, hosting classes, and seeing friends and family while we are all socially distancing. The quality and ease of use is great!
It helps me to take whit my friends
Zoom is doing a wonderful job of helping people connect during the pandemic, for meetings and classes.
Zoom is amazing
Amazing to keep in touch with friends during quarantine and lockdown
No way to access contacts from phone, no help available, no indication of how to upgrade.
It can’t connect to the computer
App is great but it would be better if you could stream video using AirPlay.
its an ugly app
E
Good idea but difficult to set up.
Thank you!!
Learned only one can talk at a time. Excellent use of the technology. Keeps our group in touch during this time of “social distancing. “
"All I can say is WOW!
This app is beyond user friendly from set up to executing a meeting. So glad I tried it."
Having a lot of “internet instability
Hello, I have online classes using Zoom, and I’ve been experiencing a pretty annoying issue that’s actually affecting my grades too. I’m always marked late because whenever I try to join a meeting, it says “Please wait for the host of the meeting” or something along those lines, despite the fact that it started already. I’m just not sure whether this is a personal issue or not, but I was wondering if there was any solution or way to prevent it again.
Я не хочу учица
It went bad wen a went on it I had to do it for school so many steps to login
It’s ok
Fdsddsfsdfc2
haha you really thoght this was a review but this is an awesome app
Don’t use this app it’s vary hard to login
I love the app.  I can bring it up and also dial in from my phone at the same time. The dial in is automatic.
"I can’t connect to meetings with the invitation link or with the class number.
It keeps asking me to re-register.
Too much bother"
I have been using zoom for a long time, and always loved it. But now? Life saving. Amazing. Keep up the good work.
I couldn’t even get my Zoom code in the one minute time wait.
It is a gay app
This app is helping us stay in touch while otherwise isolated.  Thank you Zoom.
Omg
🅸🆃 🅶🅾🅾🅳.
I just used Zoom for a work related meeting. Login, connecting, and use of the software was great. Looking forward to using it in future.
I love zoom it’s so useful and easy to use
Poopy
Love it!
Zoom is making it possible for me to get together each morning for coffee with 5 or 6 friends. We laugh, lighten our spirits and share our worries during this time of enforced isolation. For those of us who live alone, it is a lifeline. Thank you Zoom!
Zoom is an overall good app to use, but it glitches frequently and sometimes freezes for a long time.
Zoom is sooooooo good because you. Could see sooo many face at one time.
This app is amazing I can actually see my friends on video
Zoom has been great for me over the whole corona virus outbreak! I can stay in touch with teachers,friends, and family!😁
Zoom is VERY easy to use ! It gets 5 stars for see-friendliness, however, I rated this 3 out of 5 overall because my iPhone Zoom app doesn’t allow me to pick a background (like a tropical beach or some other fun image). Users that have the app on a PC can so this so there’s no reason why the iPhone App can’t make that happen. I’ll change my score to a 5/5 if that feature becomes available.
Signing up for a password is annoyingly difficult if not impossible. Why do hard to do?????
Every time it asks for my phone number it says that it will send me a code that I need to put in within 60 seconds but it takes about 2 hours for the code to send and I need it for meetings today
Howdy! So, when I did it, it glitches a LOT but I love it 😍 it is very complicated and you have enter a code. I use this for school and it is so 😎 🙏
This app is not good use discord
It’s really been delightful to see and talk to friends in this virtual fashion - once the kinks got worked out and I met the challenge of the learning curve. The app shows up differently on each of my devices, several of which are too old to fully accommodate this program. I liked having the choice of a virtual background but now I’ve lost this option. ??
Very handy tool for family's that live all over the map, it makes it so easy to keep them in touch. Especially when love ones are sick their condition can be updated daily.  For business the committee members plan their agenda ahead of time. Greet for wedding planning, reunions and other gatherings.   With this virus we can (Jehovah Witnesses) hear our meetings check on shut-ins, the brothers have gone around to help ones to set up their devices. So Thank you
I need to use this app for school and I needed to create an account. It says it sent a confirmation email, but I NEVER receive the email.
Zoom helps make meetings easier to attend. No traveling, no wasted time. Zoom is respectful of my precious time.
This app is awesome you can do so much with this contributing to educational purposes.
I know that the virus is going around and my dad actually works at comcast a wifi company and so i am aware that it is not the apps fault that it glitches but when i was on a chat i couldn't hear when he was playing the instruments. (It was virtual drum practice) he told me to press the button with the arrow so i did but that was a share content button. he said that was what he did to hear my drums and that was really weird. I hope you read these revews so that you can fix the things that are on this that aren't working!
I was using it and it sucked
I use this app to do online dance classes, now that we are all quarantined, but I can’t make out what the teacher is saying or doing. The audio only works off and on and the video is always blurry.
"This has been a great way to connect with our teachers and friends during this coronavirus outbreak. If you are hesitant about getting it, it is really great way to connect. It is very kid-friendly.
This is a great way to get together and I totally recommend it."
It’s ok
This app is helping me talk with my teachers and my friends!
I’m using this app for online school during the coronacation. I love the way you can mute and unmute yourself. The teacher has to request for you to turn on your mic or camera which is also nice. I also like the virtual background, overall I like it a lot
Love how easy the app is and how all parents have the children staying engaged as we navigate thru this new on line school norm.
THIS THING IS PURE AWESOMENESS because you don’t have to buy anything or pay 15.00 dollars a month to have a membership and what I’m trying to say is it’s awesome
it’s great but i hate it because my teachers found it and now we have zoom classes at like 10;00am when i’m not awake
I am in a high-risk group with corona virus.  I was recently introduced to Zoom. What a great way to stay connected. Seeing and hearing someone is so much more meaningful than just talking on the phone.
This is so bad like I can’t even sign in to it
Doing counseling sessions on this and having a lot of bugs we keep coming up against and having to restart several times because we lose each other.  I think once we all get the hang of it, it will be much better.  Of course now we are also dealing with the boom of everyone in the country and beyond jumping on ZOOM realizing it's THE way to "see" each other as we isolate.
Thank you so much for this App.  It’s keeping my life running through these difficult times .
Not a good app
I’ve already submitted a help request but haven’t heard back. ☹️ I would rate this much higher if this can get cleared up. First, I accidentally put a co-teacher’s number down and she responded (we both thought I was adding her as a contact— trying to set up distance learning!) but it gave ME all her phone contacts! I cannot unconnect her phone number or contacts. THIS SHOULD BE AN OPTION!!!! When I try to connect contacts (now that I know what that means 🤦🏻‍♀️) it WON’T send a code within the 60 second timeout. In fact, the first code came in over an hour after requesting it. I know there is a big demand right now, but this is very frustrating!
When you’re setting up, you’re waiting a lengthy timeframe to get the link.  The phone verification is worse.  It has a 30 second countdown window that a text will send a code.  Problem is, you won’t get the code for around 5 minutes, so isn’t acceptable as the 30 second expired a while ago. Way to make setting up as painful as possible.
"I am 9 years old and love this app! Especially during the 
covid-19 pandemic (Coronavirus pandemic) it has been useful and very fun! You can even make up games and play it with zoom! For example: you can play charades or even put a virtual background (which is really cool) thank you for reading this review and I recommend getting the app! One thing though: I couldn’t do a virtual background. But everything else is awesome!"
Dolma
FCA- Fellowship of Christian Athletes we had our meeting for Quarantine over zoom thanks
Fantastic!!!
The creator of this app deserves the Nobel Peace Prize! In this very uncertain time where we must stay inside, I’m extremely grateful for Zoom allowing me to still meet for my graduate school courses. Zoom is awesome!
Green screen is not the best but over all it’s great you can see people. The other bad part is you only have two emojis to use over all zoom is great to use
I have a Special needs child living in a group home. I can see and chat and interact with her via Zoom. So this, is personal to me. Thanks for this wonderful platform.
I’m a high school student stuck at home because of corona virus. Zoom has been a lifesaver! I really enjoy being able my teachers and interacting with my class.
So much fun, easy to use, & glitch free💝
This app is very awkward
I’ve zoom cuz u get to see a lot of ur friend or more all at once that’s why I love ❤️ zoom
Perfect for class meetings and assignments during shelter in place!
"What a wonderful way to be together virtually with so many family members, friends and classmates! I love hearing their voices and seeing their faces and home projects, including knitting, cooking special dishes, gardening and children’s artwork. It’s especially uplifting to enjoy virtual parties and classes together.  Thanks so much for enabling everyone with a smart phone, tablet or computer to connect so meaningfully with others during our stay-at-home isolation during this apocalyptic pandemic. 

Your amazing free technology is a reminder for me to send more cards to sick friends, to telephone those who do not have smart phones or computers and to thank all those I meet who work in grocery stores and pharmacies to serve our needs basic needs. Also, I feel the need to send emails of appreciation to celebrate our brave medical workers, out diligent and truthful elected officials, scientists and journalists as well as emergency and civil service agencies and companies all working to protect our nation and fight COVID-19 and the economic havoc in its worldwide wake."
So yeah
I have to use this for school and it never loads anything! And I know it’s not my WiFi because my WiFi was and is working perfectly fine
I was using it last night and it worked but when I tried leaving I couldn’t leave for 3 minutes so please fix that but the rest is great
This is an excellent way to group chat!
Thank you for developing such a useful app !
I IIAat🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩ai
Bad
Working it out now interesting
Terrible
I love this app.
I attempted to sit in on a meeting a few minutes ago.  I barely heard some of the speakers.  Sound quality needs to be improved.  Yes I looked at the settings and attempted to turn up the volume.
i went on a call and i could barely hear anything. the audio quality is terrible!
I’m not totally pleased with the outcome. We connected twice and both times we had no audio; not sure what the issue was.It was difficult to convey information and we had to have a follow up phone call to get the all straight. The video was mainly good with one connection, kept breaking up with the other one, we all stayed connected though. Overall it was the most effective way to bring about the meeting we had and the visual helped. Audio would have been awesome! Maybe next time
Zoom is so bogged down that you can’t get a verification code to add your phone number so that you can add your phone contacts until 6 hours later when the code has expired
It’s about the missi
No Audio equalizer to change too much treble in zoom meetings
this is their only option for school. TAKE DOWN THIS APP
I am a real estate agent and zoom allowed for us to continue to have training and meeting during COVID19
All participants should have the ability to mute others and hide others screens, not just the admin . This would be helpful especially when it’s a larger group so it’s easier to hear others when everyone is chatting at once.
Yeah it’s ok
I am never able to get in to a meeting. What is going on????? I don’t get it. I hit the link to get in and nothing!
"One thing folks should know is, zoom needs other apps to work. meaning you have to have google chrome. 
I made it to my grand daughter’s first birthday late, no audio, missed the song, etc. test runs are crucial. Don’t kid yourself."
Love zoom !  Zoooooooooooming right into new day thanks!!!
"Using Zoom was a pleasant experience.  I am going to recommend it to my own organization.  The only down side is when a person asks a question their video takes up the whole screen.  I wish there were a participant option to allow that or not. 
Anyway, great app!!!"
It is fun being able to face time my class mates and my teachers
Zoom is an incredibly easy and intuitive app to use. It has been essential to keeping my team together during the isolation period of the Coronavirus. We will continue to utilize it long after to keep a strong cohesive team.
I signed up and created my account but Everytime I try to login it takes me right back to sign up/log in screen. Really frustrating because I need this app for business meetings.
App is easy to use and works well. However it consumes the entire screen and doesn’t allow you to keep viewing the meeting while sharing the screen with anything else. You can use slide-over apps to view something else but it covers the screen. Split screen support would go a long way.
We had good experience with Zoom for attending online toddler gym class. Would be better if Zoom video can be easily connected to TV. At the moment we have to use mobile or iPad only, which the kid could take during class.
I need Vietnamese!!!
"Just had and interest meeting with some other girls that are sitting down and discussing how we can be of emotional support for others in our local community. Giving the encouragement to visit sites like JW.ORG in order to read nice articles to lift up the spirits of those in need have been heartwarming.
We just love the fact that we can do that in such nice environment over Zoom. Super!
Thanks a lot
Tânia"
It was a good app the audio worked well
Great stuff, thank you
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Best
I didn’t get a confirmation code through email, or the sms code with my phone mumber
I have one word for this app.......................OK
I have to talk to teachers I hate on this
I hate this game.
i love zoom because it is good for you
A1 quality, enjoyed it. It was great
If I could give it no stars I would. But since that’s not an option let me you the problems. One the app constantly crashes in the middle of voice calls. I would rather just Skype if that was an option. Anytime I’ve emailed the company about my concerns nothing has been done to fix the problem. Would not recommend
I love this app
Cannot set up background
"I have been around and teied virtually most of the available apps for multi-video conferencing.
In the past month I have used Zoom to great satisfaction and more recently with the Stay at Home rules, I increased dramatically my day to day use of the app. Easy to use, friendly, conplete, great sound and video quality. What else to expect! Kudos from a very satisfied user!!!"
An absolute disaster to navigate and poor audio quality.
I have paid for the options to have more than a few participants and to have longer meetings.  The quality of sound is not acceptable.  There is distortion and much cutting out of audio.  This is interfering with the flow of the meeting, and consequently, has become counterproductive.  Is there something we can do from our end to clear this up, or is it a technical problem with the program?  Thank you for responding.  Vicki Kuhn
Hey I mean I know no likes there school being closed so I am just helping everyone around here
Bad
It a wonderful tool to utilize for business or social media. Easy to navigate through & has quite a bit of feature for the host.           It’s like having your own little tv or radio station at home.
need this app deleted so i can get school canceled for the semester, please god send us strength 🙏🏼
it ruined my life
Zoom is like the new FaceTime but better. Everyone should have zoom it’s so cool! It should be one of the apps when you first get you iPad or iPad or phone.👍👍👍👍👍😘❤️❤️❤️😘😘😘😍🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰😎😎😎😍😍😍
Don’t like it that much
Zoom is an awesome app for school and work I like how you can have stations
Had fun 5 star
"Everything’s going good I’m having a lot of
Fun with everyone"
Zoom has served my colleagues and me so well for a few years while we develop projects and share research, but now — while the world struggles during the Coronavirus pandemic — it is a tool for teachers to reach students and home and for families to have group discussions. Thank you for this service. It’s helping us all stay in communication and feel less isolated.
It was very glitchy and didn't work
Doesn’t work I don’t recommend it
The controls are awful
Takes to look for verification code to be sent to link your contacts. By the time you get the code you have moved into something else. I requested code in the am didn’t get it until late evening. Glad I didn’t need it for emergencies!
We were able to use zoom and keep teaching Martial Arts classes to our students at this moment of confusion. We’re appreciative for zoom to be able to provide this platform.
Lots of freezing happening!!!  Please advise
Not a big p
Worked pretty good but had to keep logging back in
Whoever made this app this is for you 👏🏻 if you ever die I hope you will go to heaven now let me explain every day I have a meeting with my ’teacher and my classmates whoever thinks this is a bad they are just mad people I really love the app zoom Can I just logged in I now I was going to have fun I really like that you can message and face time and schedule meetings I don’t feel right with it              That’s  all         I have to say bye 👋
Otherwise great ap
I have to use zoom for gymnastics during coronavirus  and it is working so well. Also it worked to FaceTime my bestie who has a Samsung phone!
I recomend teacher Ayman ElNajar for arabic learning and quaran for all ages. He is very nice and helpful. He is my teacher and i learn lots of new information about my religion '
Loving the different ways to Connect!
If we get enough people to review a bad review we can get this app taken down and then we will have no contact with school therefore we won’t be able to do work.
The graphics are trash, even tho we had 200mpbs wifi!
"When I sign in using saved desktop credentials, why does 1Password say “No Logins Found: zoom.com.cn”?  Later it says “...zoomgov.com”

Where is this app sending my credentials??"
Most of us take notes while on a call, without the split screen you can’t have a note taking app open.
During these pretty hard times, Zoom makes it super easy and enjoyable to chat with a large group of others without making physical contact. It’s so convenient, even though from time to time it can lag or disconnect you, which is understandable with everyone at home and on the internet. 10/10, highly recommend you download this app!
As an educator I am very thankful for this platform because my transition to remote learning has been seamless. The iPad mirroring is a great feature. Wish that I could see all the breakout rooms at the same time.
Even with just iPhone platform
please delete this app. because i said so.
Zoom is a perfect multiple person communication app because were all stuck at home due to Corona Virus. I can chat easily with friends, family, and my class for our daily meeting. I HIGHLY ⬆️ recommend this app!
You cut me off for no reason
This app is terrible.  I downloaded this app for a meeting.  Since then I have not been able to be in my car without it connecting to my Bluetooth.  I just want to delete it and it will not let me.
I need tech help
This app is helping me stay in contact with my family and friends during these trying times. But most of all I can receive spiritual guidance when the doors are closed at our physical location.😀
i’m disappointed on how poorly this works
It keeps Closing out as soon as I join just make it better like where u can contact ur friends
It kept muting itself so I couldn’t listen to important instruction. But not everything is perfect.
i’m only writing this so i don’t have to do online school
Complete garbage too much lag
Can’t change advanced audio settings
This app is gay I don’t understand how to use it
This app is just trash
"1 major flaw but fantastic app for video conferencing

Split screen support to be able to see the speaker and chat while in other apps.  Even better would be PIP support .."
Cannot get it to work
Zoom is such a great way to connect in one on ones, but even with more people, really stable connections. Love the breakout rooms. Did a zoom meeting with 97 people no problems at all. I am really fascinated. Thanks so much!
I have two sister in their 70s. They are not techie. And they used it successfully.
I love zoom a lot!! It helps me catch up with friends during this horrible time. I am glad there is a way to have fun with my friends while we are on social distancing!
"I downloaded the app to use for online yoga classes. Only to find out the basic app limits the “meeting” to 40 minutes if 3 or more people join the meeting. That won’t work for a 1 hour class. Doesn’t tell you the cost to upgrade. Will most likely just forget about it and delete the app. Don’t know quality of audio etc. because I haven’t actually used it yet. 

Why do things always have to be so complicated?"
No way to recover password, makes no sense
Thank you for making it possible to stay connected.
I have been a loyal Zoom user for 2 years. I have always loved how easy it is to use for novices. My appreciation for Zoom has quadrupled over the past two weeks. With the physical isolation associated with CoVid-19, Zoom has become essential as a work tool and as a way to connect family and friends. The whole world is using and relying on Zoom to deliver flawlessly, every day. Thank you for delivering on your promise. You are saving lives and contributing to the productivity of America during this very difficult time.  Thank you!
All pixilated
This app shouldn’t be on the App Store
I use an iPad. How do I use my iPencil in the zoom app?
This app is not good, and takes forever to load whenever I use it. When I first tried to get in, it just kept saying “launching.” I don’t know what is wrong with it. I would recommend FaceTime over this
Not for the amateur.  Needs friendlier explanation of contacts issue.
It was to hard to do meeting
Thanks to Zoom I have been able to keep up with school and workouts!!
Zoom is not user friendly.
Works well but FACE TIME is superior.
so excited to start my time here now that school’s cancelled for the rest of the semester :) 👍🏼
Thank you for developing this app it is helping us get through this time of distancing.
Audio kept jumping out, a lot of electronic beeps.
The virtual class was awesome!
Used Zoom for real time online classes. With 20+ students, the meeting is very smooth. Many features are very practical for learning. Will recommend to other teachers!
"I downloaded the app yesterday to my iPad Pro (iOS 13.3.1) and attempted to use it in a meeting last night.  The app prompted me to go to Settings -> Privacy -> microphone and enable the microphone, but there were no applications, including Zoom, requesting access to the microphone, so I was unable to do so.  I have checked the FAQs, rebooted my iPad, deleted and reinstalled the app, and still no luck.  
However, it does work on my iPhone, but with the small screen, it makes participation in meetings challenging.  Please help."
What a blessing to be able to keep in touch with others face to face in these trying times.  Thank you.
Great
This app works very well and allowed me and my other church members to chat and have a session even though we can’t go to church during this Coronavirus. God has blessed our church with this app!
Cannot see or hear meeting
...during this global virus pandemic! Simple link makes it easier than making a group call or chat.
Great quality and good sound
Just an overall bad setup! And can be very confusing for younger children using this app for online school! 1/5
"Don’t get me wrong. It’s a really nice app for zoom on iPad. But when you want to do a little bit more it’s not the best. My 2 major problems.

1. Doesn’t have split view. I do need to see other files or take notes, or connect to my remote desktop while on a call... and the only option to mute unmute or see the attendees is to have this app full screen... it’s zoom app or nothing.  this is not a pro feature...

2. I have to use my BT phones wired while on a call, otherwise it freaks out the BT keyboard. This might be an Apple issue, but a growing company like Zoom might have something to say to Apple. 

Bonus: Any way you can take control over the play/pause button to use it as mute/unmute?

Otherwise, a great and stable app."
I tried to set this up for my daughter.  After several attempts to resend the email, I finally go an email that I could respond to and confirm her email address.  My suggestion is to send the email out right away rather than wait 10 minutes.  It will make the whole sign-up process a lot smoother.  Zoom is a very useful app that works very well.
Best thing ever
I’m thankful for Zoom I needed to see the person I saw.
Does it job as long as the chat isn’t tooo crowded good Audio quality, highly depends on your internet too as well
Terrible
Like it
I wanted it to use my contacts to I went through the process giving my phone number. It would say 1) this isn’t valid or 2) wouldn’t send I did get sent the ones that were supposed to be sent, but hours after. If you could please fix this I would be very happy. I have also recently had a problem where I couldn’t hear anyone and no one could hear me. I had sound on full blast and had connection. I do like I can call multiple people and do suggest this app for big calls. Thanks for your time!
I use zoom to video conference with students and faculty in my university. Now in COVID 19 days I’m using it to connect with church friends and family members. Awesome tool!
The app works well with this whole Covid-19 going around I have started online schooling and this works very well.
Works very well. Would recommend to all my friends!
Nothing works for me on this app. I cannot sync to fb, I cannot add contacts, it won’t send a code to my phone to connect. Prefer FaceTime and google duo
I love it , I have only used the Facebook messages . Which is good but this is better for groups
HI IM GAVIN FROM WESTLAKE HIGHSCHK THIS IS WHAT WERE SUIMG FOR SCHOOL. THANKS BYE
Thank you for the basic technology
I downloaded this app for obvious reasons #covid-19, #quarantined, #shelter-in-home. I have tried on multiple days and my other phone to get my contacts. I enter my phone number correctly and do not receive a verification code via sms. I’ve checked my app settings and have tried multiple times. I’m assuming the servers are exhausted. I would really like to be able to utilize this app.
Vmxmhxtjztk
For making it possible to stay connected.  ❤️
When I downloaded it at first was ok but a week later it logs me out and it doesn’t let register my phone number to find my contacts. I was in a meeting and the app logged me out. It also has a huge delay for mms verification. By the time you receive the message the code has expired. Please fix this crash.
I give Kudos to the quality testing of this app.  Eleven women 65+ were all successful getting signed in and connected to our host today.  Since none of us have any technical skills and the app actually worked, we were dumbfounded.  I applaud your team and we will continue to use this app along with promoting it, as well.
I’m not sure about this App. I need support and there is no immediate help because I have the basic plan.
Bad connection
Very confusing as to how to use. No instructions provided. They give you 60 seconds to enter a 6 digit verification code and don’t send it to you till 6 hours later. Can’t figure out how to add contacts.
It says it’s not valid when I sign up I agree to everything and it still doesn’t work and I need it for practice.
Used this during the CV lock down. Worked like a charm!
I kept trying to get the verification email and its been 48 hours already and still haven’t gotten it, I have pressed resend email and It still does not appear even though I have inserted the right email.
Zoom has provided a platform for our church family to meet virtually and stay connected during the pandemic of COVD-19. It’s easy to use and is compatible on android and iPhone.
I’m to lazy
Thanks for the opportunity to stay connected
So easy to use! I was a first time user, never heard of Zoom before. I downloaded the app, set up a video conference.... and just like that, we were up and running.
What a great program this is !
I like it
Fantastic
"This powerful application has allowed our church group to conduct worship and Bible study virtually during this quarantine time! 

Thank you, developers, so much!! :)"
This is awesome especially through quarantine. It helps me get in touch with friends and teachers 👍🏼
When someone shares a video there tends to be lag time.  Is there anything y’all can do to fix this?  Other than that it is great and user friendly.
Because we’re using it for teaching purposes now, my students’ lives would be much improved if it were split screen compatible on the iPad. Otherwise, we love it.
Since schools have been canceled due to the corona virus, we have been using zoom! Zoom is a great alternative to school! I highly recommend!!!
Unable to add phone contacts because your system takes too long (hours) to generate a verification code - when the site only allows you :60 to enter the code. Frustrating!!
"Today was our first time holding a zoom meeting! It was fantastic! We got to share ides and questions for an hour and a halfway. 
Thank you!!!!"
I’ve been using Zoom daily for about a year. Connecting via phone audio is the way to go. Every time I try connecting via computer audio (PC with windows 10) it’s a nightmare.
It’s a life saver
ZOOM is an amazing app. What a fabulous way to keep in touch with family, friends and business associates during these day as of the corona virus quarantine. A Gold Medal concept!!
"Wow Zoom is saving probably tens of thousands of people who are unable to attend their regular scheduled meetings to stay sober and clean now. Because of this terrible epidemic (the Corona Virus) all meetings in north jersey have been shut down until further notice. We as alcoholics need to connect and congregate to stay sober and alive! Zoom has been an excellent substitute for our usual gatherings! I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart and I’m sure so many other’s would agree. Your services is literally saving lives! You can post this wherever you want. You have my permission. 
Grateful Alcoholic/Addict 
Jessica"
Still have not got email signed up hours ago
It won’t send a confirmation email although it says it did sooo... can’t sign in
This app has been a lifesaver during this difficult time since it has allowed me to stay in touch with my spiritual community.
Simply the best video meeting platform available.  Thank you?
We really love this zoom it help our congregation to enjoy and see each other in these hard times keep up the good work
I’ve been using Zoom for some time for occasional training as a participant. But now find it more useful for even 1:1 video calls & 1:1 coaching. The ability to share photos, docs and add others in larger groups is nice and user friendly. Regardless if they use iOS or android or a PC.  Working on utilizing for sports training & instruction. Love the ZOOM.
I would highly recommend this app to anyone especially with everything going on! Your app has kept me sane in these insane times! My daughter has had tea parties on it with friends and my son is able to see his teachers! So thank you!
School
This is amazing💙💥zoom can keep all the world connected to each other, blessing
0/10 worst app
It’s an ok app.
Virtual Scout meetings⚜️👍🏼
Our church is enjoying the zoom app.
Pretty intuitive, fully featured, videoconferencing site. More robust than anticipated. Nice job!
"The app will not reset my password. I am looking for a tool for our church and am very frustrated. 
Zoom is stuck in the mud. Not working for me."
Awesome App
In this moments of isolation, nothing like being able to connect via zoom. So much gratitude for the creators of this platform, for the whole world is connected right now thanks to Zoom <3 xox
Doesn’t seem to work well for the iPhone
Easy to use without passwords and installs. User friendly for multiple users.
Love to used this app, thank you
I can never hear people when they try to talk and this app is filled with lag
I have been using this for meetings IT IS AWESOOOME
Sorprendido de lo bien que funciona esta aplicación , muy recomendada
What a lifesaver during this difficult time.  Staying connected with family, recovery group and community/neighborhood groups.  Thank you.
no just no
So easy to set up meetings. Thanks!
bad
I’m here because corona virus..
Because it is not sending the email for me
It’s a seamless app and interface.
I’ve been trying to link my phone number for the last four hours. It took four hours for the validation code to be sent to me and every time I request a new one it’s not coming through. This is horrible
My dog ate my clam soup
"This is an excellent platform to interact with others. Easy to use. Grace period to extend beyond 40 mins is really appreciated.

Blessings."
Excellent product
Works like it should . Please add dark mode
Can you make it so that you can kick the teacher please
Is there a way to put the Chat and Question&Answer overlay to the side so that it is not blocking the entire screen while on a meeting. It’s annoying to some sort. It would be nice if it will be moved to the right side of the screen covering just 1/3 of the screen, similar to overlay apps feature of the iPad os. Hoping to get this fixed soon as we have too many meetings on zoom now due to the crisis.
this app was horrible and difficult to woken with.
Uvvuvu
Since school has been cancelled we’ve been doing it on zoom. It’s very reliable. It’s great to be able to see everyone and talk to a lot of people at once. This app even has fun things like touch up appearance and virtual backgrounds. Some people in my family use it for business calls. So overall it’s a useful app, definitely recommend.
Video and audio are good, however the video resolution is not quite sharp enough to read the fine print of a music book in order to teach piano online.
big pp poopoo make you do school during coronacation 🤮😷🦠
I love it.  It’s very interactive.  Great at large groups
Their privacy policy is vague be careful
wish i could give a 0
I have been trying for 2 days to get verification code and it’s takes about 2 hours to get the code then it’s says it is the wrong code, also the code has come from more than one phone number
Very easy to use
In order to use contacts phone number has to be verified. Timeout is 60 seconds. I tried many times and they cannot get me verification code in under 20 minutes. I can never setup.
Best tool for group calls that I have found
It is not sending me the code t sync contacts within the sixty seconds. It sends it hours later. What’s the point. Very frustrated with this app. Can’t even get started.
"Easy connection
Good quality audio and video
Maybe encourage presenters to use the gallery view to allow viewing of all presenters at the same time."
I am not very tech savvy but I found zoom to be very intuitive. I am a teacher. I really like being able to share content like Power Point with my students and to interact with them during the class meeting.
Would be better if you could highlight a name in chat and their window pops up.
I love zoom I get to talk to all my friends!
I gave zoom 4 stars because it’s not perfect but it is still really good. The ring tone is not super great but it works. You have to pay for pro to personalize your meeting ID.
"Everything is difficult. 
-set up
-accessing directions
-contacting them

I’ve spent HOURS ON THIS"
Zoom makes living during social separation easier
I am unable reach any support as my zoom will now allow me to email the meeting link to others like others can. I have tried to delete the app sign in and out with no improvement . I have done a side by side comparison with another user and there is no reason why this option should not work for me. I emailed support and have not gotten an answer back after several days. I have checked  all the settings . I have attempted to locate an upgrade with no avail. I am going to give up on this app now .
I’ve had to use this for school and it does wonders
So bad
Easy set up
Zoom is so helpful while we are doing our distance learning. It’s a great opportunity to touch base with classes and see their faces. It also gives kids a feeling of normalcy.
I really love zoom. My name is Caleb and I am 9 years old. During the time of the corona virus it was handy because I could talk to my class.🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂
Excellent way for team members to have a meeting
Multiple users in the same house and no glitches
All you have to do is  invite people and with the Coronavirus going on it’s super helpful.
Zoom is an amazing, easy to use AP.  It has really helped me to stay connected at this time. I have done coffee with friends, wine with family and even done my WW meeting.
Not talking about the candy.
"I really like using Zoom because of the easy access to our students. However, our voices compete and creates an echo.

3rd grade teacher👍🏽"
Exlente
Good tool to stay connected. Sometimes difficult to connect and open meetings.
Gd app
Excelente!
I have been trying to use this app but cannot find a help menus
LOL
Zoom is easy and quick to get ready to go. Great features. Awesome app
It is very nice when you need to talk to people but are not able to have human interaction. Also there are lots of extra cool settings and features. It is also really good for teachers to teach with and if they want they can mute everybody, and there is a raise hand button, there are also a few more things included for teachers. You can stay in touch with people a lot more and you can brighten up somebody’s day with a funny picture or  something. Enjoy!!!
So thankful to be a part of barre3 with the help of Zoom! Thank you!😊
"Basically my title is all I have to say
about ZOOM!!!"
Zoom has been great during this quarantine. Easy and reliable. Thank you!
The zoom app is perfect for our Morning Prayer group. Other then the feedback when we recite verses together it’s perfect. Would rather be meeting at church but Zoom gives us a the opportunity to meet together and start the day.👍🏻🙏
It’s so confusing and makes school work more harder when trying to communicate with people
I work in church ministry.  ZOOM has been an incredible tool to help us stay connected through the social distancing of the COVID-19 outbreak.  Easy to set up - easy to use!
This app is very hard to figure out how to use!
I was impressed by how robust thus technology is three years ago. More impressed now given our current COVID-19 distancing. It’s keeping a school community lively and engaged despite all being home.
This app is a game changer for staff communication and volunteer management.
I had to start meetings using Zoom, I was apprehensive about it but I’ve been pleasantly surprised, the App works very well, I’ve only used it on an IPad so I can’t speak for using it on a phone.
In this time of this generation’s first major pandemic, we seem to be disconnected from our lives. This program helps to lessen feelings of disconnect between us and our old norm. Kudos to the developer!!!
Fabulous provision during this time of quarantine!
Your data is being sent to Facebook. Even if you do not have a Facebook account. Delete immediately
Our school district switched to its virtual version two weeks ago. Zoom saved our lives!! I have been able to create lessons for my students to watch and yesterday I started “live” lessons that went great!! Being able to communicate with my family is a beautiful plus 🙂
I just like it you can talk to other people
This app helped me connect with my friends from church when the building was closed because of COVID-19
This is a great app, because last week we started to do Digital Learning because of COVID-19. Now, we have been able to talk with teachers and other students, and even used it to talk to family I might not see for a while. The only thing that I would fix is if you have 10+ people on there, it gets laggy. But other than that, I would totally recommend!
We Love Zoom! Big Help to us in Communicating with our group of People!
"This app is awesome!  During quarantine my CrossFit box utilized this app with stellar success!
Plus shoutout to my box!!!  CrossFit Mahwah rocks!!!!!! (no pun intended)"
good
What a blessing that we are able to connect with our Bible Study during this isolation. I’m very grateful for ZOOM❣️
"I am asking that all zoom conference calls be unlimited time during the mass quarantine.
I am begging for this life saving tool to open its heart to us. 
Thankyou for considering 
Leslie ONeil Peters 
508-733-1831"
Seulement magnifique
i got a text from my teacher saying to download this. my class and teacher use this as like an online class. its pretty nice 👌🏻
Thank you ZOOM!!
Me and my teachers communicate and me and my classmates by doing math and more soon is helpful for everybody
Without this app I would be behind in school work and loose summer  vacation. Just wish it didn’t take so much battery.
Apparently the app won’t work with VPN turned on.  The app kept switching back to the login screen.  Every time I logged in the app would immediately switch back to the login. Turned off the VPN and it works fine.  Might want to address this.
This is awesome.
"Zoom is a lifeline for
My community at work and in recovery. I love it and am grateful for it. My only complaint is the lag time with audio and video. I’m sure it is because of the numbers using the platform so quickly. Hopefully it will get better soon."
It’s not the best thing it can do more
Good
Zoom is great but some of the buttons at the bottom could be more conspicuous as new people don’t seem to see the buttons across the bottom Jim Wright
I deleted this app off my phone after learning the company and its privacy policy don't make clear that the iOS version of the Zoom app is sending some analytics data to Facebook, even if Zoom users don't have a Facebook account.
Terrible
"Not gettin the short code to verify contacts I have no other issues with others and have Tmobile I phone XR

Update: text came but hours later"
I could see every person perfectly and I heard them perfectly
service was awesome, but only for forty minutes is sometimes too small of a time amount.
Please! It’s so bad
It’s complicated. I’m not receiving the text code I need it for appointments and it’s not working
“Indiana Jones” ready for the next amazing adventure with Zoom and you.
What an app. Worked first time intuitively for average experience level user. Very few apps are as well developed and smooth in use as described in the App Store. Lots of flexibility and very useful for spiritual sharing in a diverse group without any intrusion of tech problems or poorly functioning interface for multiple users. The best app of its kind for any setting and at any time with room setup. Thank you Zoom!
I’m sure the app is great and has awesome features but I just hate the fact that every one in my school is using this app. I don’t want to see you if I did I would be at school.
In setting up Zoom I read all the privacy information which told me at the bottom I could restrict, diminish cookie use at the bottom. At the bottom which is where their privacy policy info ends there was no option to manage cookies. I scrolled back up to where a link exists related to cookies, which again told me at the bottom I could manage cookie usage. Surprise! At the bottom there was no option to manage cookie usage. Does this foreshadow future privacy problems? Last thought, I don't like Zoom's alliance with google which is invasive and ever harder to avoid. I can't attest to how well it works until this weekend so being optimistic they get a 3.
MUST EDN THIS APP I DONT WANT ONLINE CLASSESSSS
It is so helpful on virtual meetings. Though I wish you didn’t have to wait for the host to start the meeting. But it’s worth downloading for meetings for your job or for your school.
Read an article in vice.com that zoom is sending data to Facebook.
The new version of this is the first app that I’ve had in the past year I love this place and it has been great and it was so much fun to see my friends on zoom and the food is amazing I will be coming here for my first day in the city of the city great food service I highly suggest this one to try this out and try this out place to see the new owner in a bit of the experience I will be going to see what else is there a good selection for my food I will go there for the first place in my area of town to go for the best of all my favorite place in my area area for lunch or lunch lunch here and there are some good people here for lunch I will be coming to
"Don’t download this app
It over heated my device and fried my battery"
This app is so easy and so quick because I had a zoom meeting for school and I am out of town and this app had NO problem connecting to the internet and to the WiFi and I LOVE this app
Tbh, this is a pretty solid app. For school and for personal use. Look I’m 14 and this app is enjoyable to me. All I do here is speak to my teachers and classmates anyway. Due to the Coronavirus (COVID-19) we have to use apps like this. Some of it can be complicated at first but as soon you get used to it, it’s pretty good. Still not a 5 star tho. Could be better organized and less complicated. Still good tho!
I don’t like it
Didn’t receive email, worthless!!
I hatee this apphi
Cannot install the app???
I like zooming because I can see my friends while quarantined.
I’m finding that everyone is using this platform with the Coronavirus 19 scare.  I’m currently doing 2-3 Zoom calls a day.  What’s great about it is that Non-Techies after a brief learning curve are becoming experts.  There are some many features to the product.   It’s web based as well as application based and I can use it everywhere.  Just added to my iPhone and its seamless integration and not slow.
It’s a life saver 😊❤️amazing app everyone should use it
"I love this app but when you have a big group of people it glitches 
Very useful please fix this"
It is good for online school right now
This app made me have an aneurism
Excellent App!!!
I am now forced to do online school through this app as a substitute for in person learning. As a student who relies on the focus of a real classroom my grades have plummeted due to this app. Good intentions by making the app but it may cause me to lose scholarships. I blame it on the corona
You have helped make my classroom come to life! 🥰thank you
Y’all creators are the best
Please remove the ads
I love zoom because it lets you say hi to anyone you like,like my classmates.I absolutely cannot hate zoom.Horrray for Zoom!😄
Multiple issues after setting up meetings as an online teacher. Too many settings that needed to be checked, and many features often didn’t function properly. Video tutorials make it seem simple and easy, but other teachers, students, and administrators have also felt it was frustrating to work with this app.
Great reception
It is nice to be able to dance with my group when having to stay home
"- A report claims that Zoom&#39;s iOS app is sending analytics data to Facebook.
- It happens even if you don&#39;t have a Facebook account.
- A privacy activist described the revelation as &#34;shocking&#34;.

“The report claims that Zoom notifies Facebook when a user opens the app, detailing their device, time zone, city, phone carrier and a unique advertised identifier that can be used to target you with ads.”"
twenty minutes to try to do something that should take twenty second. when I did find a &#34;sync contact&#34; selection they still didnt show up in ios app.  so very basic a caveman should be able to do it
Making all of the Coronavirus work and social meetings possible!  So thankful for Zoom.
This is terrible. It has so many problems and should be taken off for inappropriate behavior.
Sign up using two different emails and never received code. Still waiting
I couldn’t hear anything and it was glitching. And this should take this app down
With a little help only I have been able to utilize the Zoom App.There is more for me to learn but in two days I have participated in three meetings.
So since we are quarantines from the corona virus, our teachers used this for online meetings!!!! It’s so good!
Obviously nothing is perfect, but so far Zoom has proven to be awesome! I’ve used it in the past and it has served me well. Currently, I am using it to teach  lessons and interact with my students. I am thrilled that this app exists and that it is lending a helping hand to teachers by lifting the 40 minute meeting length limit. I appreciate the way you’re helping me do my job efficiently! Thank you.
I absolutely love this app so much I can see and talk to my friends easier and my teacher too
I’m having a hard time finishing setting up. Verification codes are slow to come and then don’t work. I can’t find a help link
👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌
"Able to connect with communities 
Thank you Zoom

Respectfully 

Sean Weir

MindfulResponder.org"
We gotta do school online now 😑
So because of cronoavires  I had no church and they did a zoom meting
Can’t have this app
You cannot receive a confirmation code in the allotted time (60 secs). It arrives 3+ hours later. Not user friendly at all. Avoid this app to avoid headaches.
"Love love love this app...  cooped up at home 🏡 the boot camp facility had to close temporarily, got an invite from my
camp (through ZOOM APP) and now I’m working out 🏋🏽 💪🏽 🏃🏼💨 in my undies at home with the whole family, THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU 🙏🏼 
ZOOOOOMMMMM all the way 👍🏽"
Everything about the app is great, however, I am the only one of my group that can’t get virtual background to work. I’ve done everything they’ve done, and it doesn’t show up when I try to see if I can get one.
The sound at times is very sensitive to picking up background noise or is sometimes delayed when someone is talking.  It makes it seem as people are talking over each other but it may just be a delay.  Not sure what the issue can be. Maybe a setting in the microphones???
This app is great for meetings of all kinds I strongly recommend it to anyone who wants to join well organized meetings
The service is great. It is one of the few that also has a client for Linux. It would be nice to have dark mode in this app. Thank you.
Just enough options without being overwhelming
It was good I just wish people couldn’t write on the screen.
My kids enjoy this and seeing their classmates and friends.
AA meetings have been a lifesaver!
I can literally type the code in and BOOM
Doctor uses this on android phone will not work on iPhone. I have 6+
No response from technical support on set up.
Would really love to see support of split screen for iPad OS. Trying to take notes in a floating window on my iPad while my professor shares his screen is really challenging. Otherwise love it function of the app so far.
Hate to interface and can’t add anything because sms is never sent within 59 seconds so to keeps timing out.  Better of it had and email option as well.
Great to connect to the family and friends especially at this point in time because of staying at home during restrictions due to the Virus. Thank you for this privilege.
Create. Meeting send the link and user gets “Safari cannot open the URL, invalid address” so it would seem it forces you to download the app on a mobile device instead of using the default browser.
Zoom is the best application that I have worked with for on-line meetings.
Not happening
This isnt a great video app
:)
The Rona shut down my school so we have to do online classes, we use Zoom. It’s a good application. Not laggy unless u have really REALLY bad WiFi. Very swag
I started using Zoom last week, after our self-quarantine began, by running a scheduled board meeting. It worked beautifully and was easy enough for everyone to access. Since then, I’ve been zooming with friends for happy hours and basic social contact. Increasingly, lots of my friends are getting in on the act. We are all in our 60s and 70s—so it’s not just the millennials who are Zoomers. Highly recommended, with lots of powerful bells and whistles. I’m now thinking about doing educational webinars on Zoom, also pretty simple. As a retired university professor, I have many lectures and learning modes to share and Zoom would let me do that.
Most black people use it so its trash.
Works pretty well.  If you download the invite on your iPhone and log in on your iPad you get audio feedback the entire meeting.
Zoom is very handy and will be my go to meeting service!
This app is simply awesome!
I have ven using is app for a LONG time but know in times of COVID 19 is the boom !
In the COVID world we are using zoom for everything and it hasn’t let us down
Awesome!
My rítmica gymnast teacher send me this app and is so good
Great ap
"“The Zoom app notifies Facebook when the user opens the app, details on the user's device such as the model, the time zone and city they are connecting from, which phone carrier they are using, and a unique advertiser identifier created by the user's device which companies can use to target a user with advertisements.”

Gross."
No funciona
Amazing, looking forward to familiarizing myself with this tool. Seems very user-friendly.
it’s aids
Stop sending crap to Facebook
Couldn’t get all participants on at the same time. Some with video but no audio. Some with audio and no video. Couldn’t figure it out.
Especially during this time, the corona virus, Zoom meetings are awesome 😎.
Worth it
Hey Zoom! I found out today that anytime I open your iOS app, you share my data with Facebook via the Graph API. Data like when I open Zoom, my phone model, location, phone carrier, and more. The fact that you’re doing this is unethical, but that I didn’t know about it?!?! I’ve uninstalled. Shame on you.
So bad
It was so fun getting to see my friends Even though we were in Quarantine we still saw each other through the App zoom
It does not work.
I constantly have to restart my device because of this app. I’d rather use use FaceTime and almost any other app. It makes my camera quality terrible and it constantly lags. I don’t recommend at all.
Hi
Big gay
My son has not seen his  third grade teachers for over a week due to school closure, thanks to zoom he was able to see his teacher and some f his class mates For the first time. It was so exciting seeing my sons reaction when he saw his teacher.
Great, there are so many great features which make it so amaizing
I have a paid subscription, yet cannot log in for any meetings/patient appointments. Searching for another company/service. Drbestintegrative.
I’ve tried a number different video conf apps during this time of self isolation. Zoom is the best
Zoom makes us feel like we’re still part of a team! We can see each other and build one another up! Thank you 🙏
Working from home while schools are closed. I’m teaching my class via remote lessons on zoom and they’ve been great. Also used it to have grownup game night with friends. So helpful to have zoom during physical distancing!
It had good sound and it had so many things to look at
An invaluable asset during this COVID19 crisis!Zoom has
So many meetings in short time, so helpful, and so allowing us to get business done even amidst the most challenging conditions.  Kudos to all the developers for making this product- and for making it accessible.
I've been using Zoom for a couple of weeks with no issues. Very pleased. It really helps people stay connected, especially for times when distance or illness are barriers to being able to meet in person. Thank you Zoom for a great Application!
It’s a little trick to use annotations on an iPad.  Everything else is fantastic!
The first one was the best one in my whole world I was like I was just getting a little nervous about the stuff that you were doing with your dad and you said that you would have a good day to come over here to help me with that I would like you guys more than I can help me out with you guys so much and you have a lot of time and you have
Zoom is so we structured that even 75+ seniors can set up and attend “meetings”  with their family and friends.  So much more satisfying than just listening....love seeing them in their “habitat”!
Work good
bad internet problems and bitrait
Ndzflzglglzlggxlgxgkxlgxwhy I give you a two star because The reason
Bad
Teaching music online during the Coronavirus epidemic. Works great!
setting up was extremely confusing took me around an hour and a half just to set up even after i was not able to use it because it would log me out every time i would go on the app. i don’t know whether i was using the wrong device since i was using my phone and not a laptop or whether it was because of the app
RroOh b un BYU was a great guyvvu
Amazing 👍👀🇺🇸
Due to the pandemic and schools being closed, this is my first time using Zoom to remote-teach all of my classes. It is great, easy to use, and we teachers really appreciate Zoom’s support and making the application so accessible to the K-12th grade academic community! We wouldn’t be able to continue to educate our students without you; thank you!
I really like it
It won’t let be speak no one can hear me. I try and I click the microphone but it doesn’t work ??
I’v tried to install this app for 3 days. Today alone I’v received 2 bogus codes from them. Sorry I got my hopes up for this massive let down!
It was a good experience
Excellent product!
"Can’t say enough how much we appreciate Zoom being available and scale at a time of need - both work wise and socially we have been able to keep working, being productive and have Zoom-Happy-Hour to stay socially connected and informed. 
Cheers and keep up the Good Work"
Excellent way to communicate
I like that you can see faces but I want to see all of them at the same time
I work with a large global pharmaceutical company and this tool has changed the way we work.  It’s increased our efficiency and harnessed our resources in a significant way.  This resource is a no-brainer when it comes to maximizing your effectiveness and increasing your bottom line.
It allows me to talk to friends in scary times like this
It’s so cool u can talk to trends
Due to the recent Covid19 virus pandemic, I have been forced to go online with my business.  I am not a stranger to working online, but certainly not an expert.  I have a music studio of almost 60 students that I meet with every week face to face.  I have now transitioned each to the Zoom platform for our weekly lesson and am having a terrific time with each one as we move forward in Music Ed while we work out and negotiate logistics of this AMAZING platform.   I am using the free package momentarily, seriously considering a pro user status.  GO ZOOM!
Grateful for zoom. It works very well and pretty user friendly
Use FT instead people! Zoom can't be used for calls w/ hospital clients/patients because Zoom can't / won't offer compliance w/ HIPAA. It’s a big privacy issue here.
The audio was echoey and the it kept on glitching and everyone had good connection
It is awesome because it is great to communicate with people and friends
If recent reporting that Zoom’s iOS App shares meta information with Facebook, which is widely untrusted, this is a major breach of Zoom and a fissure in their credibility and integrity. This is true apparently for even those with no Facebook accounts. Zoom - please do not do this to your users. Remove Facebook links or allow opt-outs immediately.
We will be able to have a high time together in the Lord
This is a horrible ap🤬🤬🤬
Being in the hospital I could have totally missed many family doings, but zoom allowed me some participation. Thank you
Great concept.   Not easy to use whatsoever
Not enough contrast. Horrible. Almost unusable
Why are teachers using this
I really was shocked at how good this actually went. I was very upset about not being able to have meetings. But now I’m very happy there was a very suitable substitute alternative to help all of us who depend on meetings to stay on track. Good job guys I’m very impressed.
In this time of total uncertainty, I am hanging out at home more often than not.  I was thinking that I was good, I am not that social, I will do just fine.  And then I got invited to some zoom meetings.  Where else can people from Boston an Arizona get together and chat with like minded people from Rapid  City, SD!  Zoom has been a God send for my mental health
"Solo tengo una duda como obtengo el código para yo iniciar la reunión, no he podido confirmar mi aplicación
Porque nunca me llega el correo"
Very clear audio and visual. Easy to use
"لا يستحق أكثر من نجمة
معقد وغير شامل ولا يدعم اللغة العربية
وتدني مستوى الخصوصية فيه
ولا أعلم كيف تم تقييمه فوق أربع نجمات 👎"
"My college is making us use this now because of COVID19. When trying to sync contacts it sends a code to your number and you have 60 seconds to enter it. Issue is is shows you hours or minutes later and you have to request another and another. They weren’t ready for the scale of people using it. Google classroom is better.

Edit: As of 03/27/20 Motherboard is reporting that zoom is sending info about the individual user to Facebook. This is nowhere to be found in zooms privacy policy. Very shady, money grabbing company. I wish I could rate lower than one star. 

Garbage company and garbage app!"
Most complicated, confusing app to set up. You sign away your privacy.
Have been using the zoom product since 2013 and have found it to continue to improve as a product.  Hope they can continue to improve and keep their rates low....
Garbage garbage garbage garbage garbage garbage garbage garbage garbage garbage
Been using a Zoom for over 5 years now and it’s been amazing!! I connects us from near and far into one place!
Great spamming ear rape veggie tales with my group chat
:(
Celebrating and worship as a family as a church during hard times ❤️
Spent nearly 3 hours trying to get the sms verification code. Which only give one 60 secs but finally I got the code about 2 hours later which makes this impossible to add so why would I even want to use a useless application let’s just stick to the basics FaceTime and Google Duo. At lest make an app that is superior to the basics. Is that to hard to ask. Being a developer isn’t easy as one is expected to make the perfect app all I’m asking for is for a useful app.
"Zoom enables us to get together and talk since 
we can’t be together right now.  ❤️"
It’s laggy
III
So good I can talk to my teachers now
Hard to operate and go through
The sound and video lag from time to time
"Perhaps some draw-in features.
Hey... how do you get the fun video backgrounds?"
It gay
Bad
What an awesome way to stay connected during these trying times. Thanks Zoom!!!
Amazing
Awsome
5 stars
Super laggy & glitchy. Audio and video was choppy even while connected to wifi.
Downloaded Zoom app, paid for upgrade, waited 24 hours service still says free limited service, submitted it help request, no response, waited 4 more days, called sales number because technical support is not available to “non paid” subscriptions even though I paid.  Left a message with answering service because they don’t answer there phones.  2 days later still no communication other than we received your request.  Very poor customer service!
Don’t appreciate my data being shared with Facebook when I don’t even have an account. Delete Zoom. Delete Facebook.
So far, no customer support. I submitted three questions a few days ago and have gotten no response. No explanation as to the diferent types of accounts, nor how to upgrade. Basic users are limited to 40 minute calls, but you cannot set the appointment for 40 minutes. It’s either 30 or 45. I do like the app, but find these issues frustrating.
"Zoom is awesome device for meetings!!!  Great sounds & easy to operate...
Thanks a million!!!
Nanshi Ignacio"
I love the program it’s a great way to stay in touch and do our Bible studies and Church since we can’t get together
I like using the Zoom app, but I couldn’t hang up after the conference was over . And it would not stop buffering during and after the meeting. I would be using it for further events. All in all it do come in handy during the world wide corona shut down. Keep it going.
Es una app súper confiable
Zoom was working wonderfully until I installed the recommended security and OS updates.  Now my screen freezes, the cursor won’t respond and I have to shut down my laptop. Talked to Apple today and they recommend notifying Zoom.   Since we are in the middle of a pandemic, it will probably take some time to resolve.  Just be prepared for Zoom to not operate properly until the bug is fixed.
"EXCELLENT APP...........!!!
😄🥰"
Not user friendly
This app is super annoying to install!!! First of all, I got the confirmation email hours after it was supposed to be sent. And now I’m trying to add from my contacts I keep trying to get the SMS code I keep getting it way after it times out so it keeps saying wrong code!!!
Zoom is a useful tool when your country and actually the world is going thru a pandemic. One can continue your support groups such as AA,NA Alanon. Isolation is a dangerous scenario for individuals requiring group support. Personally I look forward to zoom AA group sessions. A newly clean individual needs the discussion of individuals with long sobriety. The “ old timers” like me need to listen and tell newcomers how to stay clean
Nah yeet
Thank you Zoom!!!
i'm having trouble connecting.  once we are in the meetings work fairly well.  but the code did not work the password did not work.  i'm on the wrong screen.  i'm ready to scream.
The conversational audio output lagged kicking me out crying my router in my A19 autopush computer, without this occurrence the wan wouldn’t of concerned itself.
"Zoom is totally awesome! Well, maybe sometimes the internet connection is a bit bad, but it has nothing to do with zoom. Because of the corona, I can’t go to school, so I use zoom to talk with my teachers. Thanks to the zoom creators, I can now speak and chat with my friends and teachers!
                                                                          Thanks so much!
    Your friend, 
 Eileen"
I absolutely love how we get to see each other through screens
결재를 하고 싶은데 안되네요 프리는 아닌데..
"It has been an extremely helpful tool in speaking and meeting together while under quarantine!
Getting to see friends and talk with so many at once helps you to not feel so isolated!"
Love this app I will give a five star but one at a time thank you
Thank you so much it really help us to stay I  contact with love ones in this time!!!
Gtg
Best way to stay connected during these difficult times.
Tried to join scheduled meetings, but can’t connect! Far too complicated!! ... couldn’t even send this review as my nickname is already taken!...  And the next one I chose!! ... And the next one 😡
I love zoom! It is extremely easy to use and I love all their features. I especially like being able to separate people into groups when it is necessary to collaborate in small groups and then return to the main meeting. I also enjoy being able to launch poll questions during the meeting to break up the presentation. I use it for school, work and even to catch up with friends. In fact we even say “let’s zoom later”. It’s the best platform available and there is nothing better.
A video conferencing app that actually works!  Well done.
Through this tough period of dealing with COVID-19 we were connected to encourage not feeling alone, thank you for the app provider!!!!
I need my friends and family to look now and they have no idea what kind of help that I look for so yes you my Friends and Family in Alabama and California that get a link to get a little taste of so kind of what I deal with on my DUI Treatment Court. Love y’all
Thank you Zoom for connecting us all through your awesome APP... this is super cool !!!!!
It won’t send me the SMS text msg to make my account, I definitely have the right phone number put in. I’ve tried to resend the code about 5 or 6 times, nothing. I need this for school and it’s just not working.
Niju8
Zoom, unlike Google Meet (see my one star review) has great audio and video quality, minimal lag, up to date and synced audio and video, and practically works anywhere. Stay home and use Zoom!
Who else do I know uses Zoom? Everyone!
Great job
Whenever I tried to sign up I typed in my email and name. And when it said it sent to my email I checked my email and nothing popped up. I pressed resend email and still nothing happened and I have been trying for 3 days to sign up but it won’t work. I would like you to fix this problem.
In tonight’s meeting we acknowledged how important & useful Zoom has become to stay connected!
It’s a good app and stuff but now our teachers are making us use it to do work.
I haven’t laughed that hard in years. So great to see how everyone is doing and shaking off the loneliness of this new world disorder. Thanks!
"Works great 
I like that so many people can Conect 
And the price is reasonable 
Thumbs up"
The app tells you to allow contacts to sync but that was never an option in the first place, you also cannot verify your phone because every code you request gets sent hours later, which is a problem since their codes go invalid after 60 seconds.
This app is not only the worst thing in the world in fact it has ruined the lives of many students like me so let’s all band together and get this app deleted on that’s on periodt ;(
Cuz
I can’t even use the audio and how do you do for a really important thing but I cant
2020
🤮
I am having issues with them not showing my account as an upgraded one and it has interrupted several of my meetings- I reached out to them and have not heard anything. Not acceptable
Audio is bad compared to other apps like discord.
y’all really gotta exists i have to do school work now
"While this has been a learning curve for all I am very impressed and appreciative of this technology. It has provided great peace of mind in a time of chaos
Thank you"
Put a one star if you ain’t trynna do online classes
"I don’t know how to describe Zoom: a life saver, a godsend...I really don’t know. 🤷🏾‍♂️ With the coronavirus situation affecting our whole lives, it’s great to have software that allows us to continue our education, albeit virtually.

My only gripe with Zoom is very minor: I wish there were more Smart Keyboard shortcuts so I could stay focused on the speakers instead of pushing buttons. Other than that, Zoom rocks! 🤩"
Cause I don’t want it add me on snap collijr123
There was a lot of lags but on the bright side It was really cool to talk to my friends and hang out with them during online learning.
Once I found the correct app, that’s key, I found it to be so easy to use! Definitely recommend!
lame asf i don’t support it
Ok I just started zoom a few days ago and the glitch is so bad I am already writing a complaint. It is so glitchy and Horrible 😫😫
My school is making me use this due to corona . i feel that it is an invasion of privacy and what are the kids with the toxic households / arguing parents supposed to do when it’s time for a lesson but there’s stuff going on at home . I wish i could rate this app 0 stars.
You pay for the service, but they still send data to Facebook.
It is helpful now.
Great app! Not sure if you have to pay or not but good way to stay connected via meetings when your stuck at home!!
AWFUL AND GLITCHY
We had a lot of fun using zoom!
Where is the split-screen multitasking ability? This almost defeats the usefulness of the zoom app because now I can’t take notes while I’m in a meeting without losing the ability to see what is being shared.
Ok
This app has been a wonderful way to stay connected to my employees who are now working remotely due to COVID19.
I can finally go to my rehearsals with KSB.
I had the easiest time making my account and finding my friends! The audio and video was great! It is a amazing app that didn’t take me long to get used to.
It helps me learn from my teacher easily it helps me save trouble!
Thanks to zoom when I need to talk to some Buddy I can go to zoom take a video conference call
Super great!
Fantastic tool during this pandemic!
Thank you to for having a wonderful App! You have allowed me to keep in touch with my students and continue to teach them remotely. 😇
"I am so grateful for the ability to meet with my Bible study group each week via zoom!
I praise God for this technology."
Tried twice to join meetings on my iMac.  Unable to join 2 meetings on different days.  Tried "chat" from help option, was #496 in queue which never changed over 20 minutes.   No chat nor email response. Frustrating, confusing, although able to gain access on my iPad.
"I always get confused when getting on !!!!!!
I’m pretty sure it’s just me, but it seems it could be easier!🙄"
Great app, other than it does not have an option to MUTE the microphone from a viewers perspective..  the host can mute everyone from their device, but i do not see aa way to mute while viewing a presentation please add this!
Zoom is a great app but my school is using it for online classes and I’m trying to get it taken from the App Store.
It has all the feuribes and it and you can see everyon it is cool it is like the best thing
They do not answer their phones ..said their is no help for pro users even when I am paying
This app is AMAZING! It’s like FaceTime but even MORE people can join! This app is COMPLETELY THE BEST APP I HAVE IN MY OPINION!
You do not miss a beat!
I like the app. It is fairly user friendly. But the option for the whiteboard doesn’t show up on my iPhone.
Amazing tool for learning and keeping in touch.....
Meeting with people on the Zoom platform has been amazing and wonderful. I just left a meeting with friends and I am feeling so uplifted. Thank you!
As a company, you lose a lot of trust with your customers if you’re secretly selling their data to Facebook. Will never use this app again because of the crappy ethics this company has.
App như buồi xoá mẹ này đi
Very bad, doesn’t work!
stupid
"According to an article read today you are being recorded. Recording can he kept by host, and zoom. Everything you say and videos, and background pictures Can be used for marketing by zoom, and sold.  Hosts also have a copy of meeting on their hard drive. 
Zoom should let you know, but they don’t 
USER BEWARE. Other than that it’s good way to connect. Just know it’s data being collected."
"Zoom sends data to facebook without letting users know.

Zoom sends what apps and windows u use to Facebook. Zoom is bad. Zoom is evil."
So helpful during this difficult time in A.A.
Love this app!
I just read an article about this app sending data to FaceBook without disclosing. I deleted right away. This should not be allowed in the App Store.
This is a really good app, at this time when all are at home. Thank you for keeping friends and family together
"Es una excelente herramienta de comunicación! 
Nos ha servido muchísimo en este tiempo que estamos en casa!"
"Dear readers, 
    ZOOM isn't the best the in the world but it sure does a lot. You may chat with your friends and teachers on Face- cam or text one another. To me, ZOOM does a lot to me but it's just that it's looks so old and wrinkly on face- cam even when they have perfect wifi! Also, when you want to start texting, you'll have to search for it and it has to be perfect in every way for you to able to access it. So in conclusion, zoom is pretty fun but it's just that we have like a ton of paperwork to do."
Recent news has found that Zoom is quietly and secretly (deceptively) sending our personal information to Facebook (even if you don’t have a Facebook account), THIS IS BEING DONE WITHOUT OUR CONSENT OR KNOWLEDGE until someone caught them and made it public today. Zoom’s end user agreement makes no mention of this, nor do they give us any ability of opting out of this unscrupulous deceptive practice. They’ve violated our trust, plain and simple. Even worse they’re profiting off of our personal information without consent, while not allowing us to even opt out, WHICH IS STEALING.
This is what we use for school
❗️❗️❗️❗️❗️My MacBook death everytime when I use it🙃🙃🙃🙃
I hate it
My schools making me use this for lessons. There is a corona outbreak we should be focused on not catching it instead of stupid busy work. This also gives teachers a way to control us in our own homes.
Thank you Zoom for giving me a human connection to my family, friend and coworkers during this time of crisis!
Used for personal meetings, business meetings and for church! Much needed in the COVID-19 era. Great video and audio, with choice to not use video. Chat option for everyone to see or select an individual to chat with. I recommend this meeting app to all!
egg
"I’m thinking it’s possible that this app is a blessing from our God Jehovah. I’m able to stay in contact with my precious, spiritual brothers and sisters (even though it’s only virtual contact). It allows me to have an interchange of encouragement and love with my world wide family of “Witnesses of Jehovah”. Just what’s needed during this covid lockdown/social distancing and during these “...critical times hard to deal with...”
 2 Timothy 3:1"
Horrible graphics
Zoom is a awful app it is very glitchy and you can’t do anything.
It’s okay
The app has permission to steal your information from open tabs and also gives your information to Facebook. A while back they also had an issue where they could turn you le webcam on whenever they wanted to.
Are use this for school and my cheer. It’s awesome!
Cause hackers hack the zoom chat which is stupid
Thank you Zoom for sharing the opportunity for my family all over the country to get together during these times.
Zoom has helped us out through the pandemic that we are going through, and it has helped to keep our theater program together. Thanks, Zoom!
I like using Zoom.
It took a while to find out how to “raise my hand”, but: I did figure it out! Wonderful contact resource.
y’all sharing our information 😙✌️
When I went onto this app I was trying to connect with my friends during the COVID-19 and it would not let me go on and I am mad 😡
AWESOME!
Es una plataforma muy eficaz y en este momento tan difícil que estamos viviendo nos ha ayudado mucho para seguir con el aprendizaje a distancia con nuestros niños!! Gracias
Zoom is the perfecttool, but for the fact I cannot save meeting contacts using only a meeting name and I.D.#. Have to type meeting I.D.# number inevery time. It should remeber meeting address I have attended.
During this pandemic it is the closest thing to human connection to exist.
Excellent app to communicate especially during this corona crises
This App is a great tool to still live in community even in this time of COVID19 and practicing social distancing. We at our church and in my Ohana (family) yearns for being together physically but we can still see each via ZOOM. On another note it is also a great tool for professional meetings that can also record and save meetings.
It’s just a bad app
Meeting with counselor
I think its a good app for the most part but I don’t like how you can only talk to people in your class ......by :Unicorns ipad(hands off!)
Desire to use smart tv screen
The only problem is the fact that the red microphone icon seems to stay on I tried deleting and then installing but nothing seems to work still it is a great app
That’s
I’m impressed! I had a meeting with my physician. With all the CORONAVIRUS going on, I didn’t wanna risk going in the office! The meeting was clear and we heard each other great! It was different, I will be using again tho!!
Great idea when it works
Zoom has been excellent for online meetings, corresponding, chats, and faith building through this challenging time. I’m very thankful all my family and church family use Zoom!
"I have scheduled 2 meetings and folks can’t join because they get message that I’m on another mtg when I’m on the mtg they need to join. 
 I reinvented and then folks could join and I did both mtgs."
Best. Thing ever!
What a perfect time to have this type of resource!  Has worked great keeping us together during this unprecedented time in our history.
Was
It was a little laggy but other then that it was great!
Suitable for teachers who teach us through quarantine these days
Recomendable
I love zoom. It gives me a way to talk to my friends while school is out. There’s just on thing I wish it could do. When you are doing zoom on a iPad and click home, it shows the person your talking to your profile and I want them to see what games I play and what I watch. But overall, It is a really great app😍🥰😘
THANK YOU, ZOOM!  Love your app and love that it is free for short meetings.  Very user friendly.
You guys should update the app to support the split screen on ipad os, WE NEED THAT AS FAST AS POSSIBLE!!!
Too difficult to get the sound on
If this app gets below 1 star it will be deleted from the App Store so we won’t have to do online school
Penis penis penis penis Penis penis penis penisPenis penis penis penis Penis penis penis penisPenis penis penis penis Penis penis penis penis Penis penis penis penisPenis penis penis penis Penis penis penis penis Penis penis penis penis Penis penis penis penis Penis penis penis penisPenis penis penis penis Penis penis penis penis Penis penis penis penis Penis penis penis penis Penis penis penis penisPenis penis penis penis Penis penis penis penisPenis penis penis penis Penis penis penis penis Penis penis penis penisPenis penis penis penis Penis penis penis penis Penis penis penis penis Penis penis penis penis Penis penis penis penisPenis penis penis penis Penis penis penis penis Penis penis penis penis
This app is so cool for meetings school and a lot more if you don’t like or don’t want to use WhatsApp then this is the go to communication app!
It lags a lot and it is different on all devices. If you are using a chromebook you can’t even use the virtual backgrounds.
It’s a great way to keep in touch with people while we can not meet in person.
I love this app because I miss my classmates and my teacher and friends and now I  can see them all the time. Thank you so much.
It’s obviously not the best because it lags, but it still is good for collaboration. I love the ability to share screens.
Zoom is aver very good app to use like if you wanted to FaceTime more than three people
Ok idk
I use Zoom for school meetings and it is awesome!!! 😁😁😁👍👍👍
It’s flipping amazing
We love this app & am paying for it and yet-can’t share music on the. iPhone or iPad! Can only do it from laptop and (I’m told) a Mac. Need this fixed ASAP -please!!!
terrible
I like zoom so far BUT on my IPAD i can’t add a background picture. there is not option which is saddening because I wont be able to take notes while in my meetings
This app was very difficult to figure out
This app keeps running when you leave a meeting and drains the battery. I have to restart my phone every time a meeting ends.
Tells me “invalid email or password” when I just signed up and triple checked it is all correct.
I can’t think of an app where I couldn’t suggest many improvements but Zoom is about as intelligently designed as I’ve ever seen. As part of a senior population using it for study groups I especially appreciate the ease of use, even among our technophobic members. Both signing in to the meetings and participating couldn’t have been simpler. Kudos to the designers, and thanks for an app that is so important in these difficult times.
The speaking would constantly cut out on my end..
It fast and easy🦄😇😜🤪💩
Nice
It is full of fun things. Like, muting yourself. And changing your name! You can also make a background, well, sometimes.
Love it I recommend👍
"The connection was quite prompt, which was much appreciated!
The Pic was very clear-as for the piano sound, it was recognizable, only sometimes the connection would become vague but it would clear up after some seconds."
I first got the app so I could take my writing class online. I was a little skeptical at first, but I would recommend it to anyone who doesn’t or does know what they’re doing on a computer. I unfortunately fall into the doesn’t know what they’re doing compartment. But Zoom was very easy for me to figure out.
This has been a great tool for us to be able to use for online gatherings & classes!
Very poor quality calls, and ruined my break.
Perfect
Couldn’t survive COVID-19 without you !
Ugh!
Zoom has been a life saver for work.  We have been using it all week.  My only complaint is when trying to load my contacts, the text is taking 6 hours to receive and you only have 60 seconds.  Maybe it’s just an ID-10-T error!
"Zoom is amazing because
 everything"
Best app ever, no cap
It
I wish you could chose the order that you see people in at the bottom of the screen (iPad), or that you could see everybody at once. Overall, pretty good and very useful!
This application shares user data with Facebook even without express consent and even if you don't have Facebook account. This is an OUTRAGEOUS BREACH OF PRIVACY AND TRUST! Application deleted! You will never see me again!
I love this app for our daily virtual meetings. It’s super easy for my tech challenged team to join and connect to their calendars.  I just have one suggestion... please make it possible to set a recurring meeting for “weekdays only”.  I do not understand why this isn’t already an option for something designed to be used for business.
Zoom has allowed me to stay in contact with my team. This is our new norm for now.
Thanks to the inventor.
"You are saving my sanity this week! I’m able to do video Telehealth visits for my nervous patients. Our professional group is having our meetings virtually now. And my family is having a Family Party this Sunday! We have been missing each other so much! (Here’s a fun tip: we are doing a Talent Show for the family party! The kids are so excited.)

Thank you Zoom for providing such a high-quality video conferencing tool that is reliable and easy to navigate! 

Debbie Boucher APRN, CNM
Lake Barrington, IL"
Our school is functioning so smoothly thanks to ZOOM. Can’t even imagine how we would deliver education to our kiddos without you. From the bottom of my heart...THANK YOU!!!
High recommended!
Zoom is great I learned a lot lot of things that I couldn’t know how to do but I did get kicked out a couple of times.
I can’t seem to join ANY meetings. And it’s pissing me off.
Nghỉ là nghỉ học học cl
H
Terrible! Can’t share the screen without the program crashing?!
"On this morning, I have an exam and the teacher said that he would be there if we want to ask questions through Zoom.  However, he made some announcements though Zoom Chat, which I didn’t notice when focusing on the exam. Inadequate notifications let me miss changes to questions and changes to test submission time, which nearly made me fail!!! 

Zoom should improve its services to avoid such situations !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
It’s good that we can FaceTime wit) students and teachers.
This ap is horrible, all the kids are just going crazy about online school.
During this pandemic, my grands are at home in CA and GA. Each day at 11:30 we meet on zoom. I’m reading them one of my favorite books and even give them some homework sometimes. (It's mostly coloring since they are young.)  We have fun discussions and it’s the highlight of my day.
Corona working hard but Zoom working harder
Ease of you and clarity of connection is awesome! Appreciate the professional platform and ability to use documents/presentation materials.
A few little freezes but worth it when connecting to workout instructors, classmates and work buddies! Especially during this time of quarantine.
Fantastic.   Just fantastic
This app has lifted its time restrictions so that I can carry on my high school literature courses even while we are all quarantined. It’s great to see everyone’s face daily and keep track of my students from home. Highly recommend.
This helped with our Dean search, two faculty searches, meeting with my graduate students and teaching classes at the undergraduate level. Very easy to use. Thank you.
Awesome for talking. No breakups, no sound going away, and no glitches.
Got the App for family meetings during COVID scare. $15 a month is so cheap! Easy to use, no problems, hassles, issues. Great audio and video, Thanks!
Bad
This app is helping me stay employed and for that, I am most greatful !!!:)
Thanks for making us able to operate in this new world- great job keeping the platform stable.
"I thought I might be having trouble with the app and I called customer service. Someone told me that a troubleshooter would call me back. No one ever did. 

There’s no tutorial for this app. I guess you just have to figure it out."
I have the requirements for the virtual background but it doesn’t give me the option to use it
I found this app to be great in getting together with friends and family - I will let others know.
During the middle of class I was lagging and then I got kicked off then I got back and a few minutes later I get kicked off again. A few classes later the same thing happens again so I had to use my dad’s phone. I think Zoom should have a major bug fix update and be able to manage the unstableness problem and I heard the same happened to another classmate
Its good to keep in touch
Makes so many things easier.  Meetings, lessons, groups.
You will have the best experience with Zoom.It has many features like the chat,a virtual background, and gallery view. You better download Zoom right now!
That option is not available to me
Before Zoom I could not “ Factetime “ my friends until soon.
It was revealed today that Zoom’s iOS app sends user information to Facebook, even if they don’t have  Facebook accounts -  and without explicitly disclosing so. Thank you!
Please if your reading this give the app 1 star thank you
Zoom is saving me right now.  During these times of isolation, it is a way to connect with my loved ones, friends and associates. There are not enough words to express how grateful I am for this App. ❤️❤️❤️
When the cameras switch it make it a little glitchy so it some times so you can’t hear them but other than that it is good
uses up wayyyy too much bandwidth. dukie
A
I loveeeee zoom! I use it to “FaceTime” my friends and I also use it for online classes.
Now I have to see my bosses face and hear his voice at the same time!
Trash
I give it five stars because it is just amazing
I love this app
Thank you for keeping us connected in this time of social distancing 🌺
My only problem with it is that it gives you a Max of 40 minutes and has options for 24 hr meetings
With family in Belgium, Oregon and Washington.
This app is by far the easiest to install and setup.  There is just a few things you have to allow the app to use.  You mic and camera.  If you don’t know anything about computers, using common sense you allow you to be up and running.
I have to use this for a class and this thing crashed like at least 10 times
It’s a great way to stay connected and continue to work together remotely as we all face covid19 policies and rules to work from home.
"Apparently Zoom sends info to Facebook secretly. Sneaky and underhanded. Deleting your sneaky app! 

RECOMMENDATION TO ZOOM: get some integrity!"
Obviously, totally great service, thank you for being here.
Zoom has no regard for privacy. This app shares your data with services like Facebook - even when you do not have a Facebook account. Previously, they installed web servers on Macs to circumvent Safari security and privacy tools. The developer should be more ethical.
I GET to žaliti My friends AND classmates.
I don’t like it I’m being forced to use it and it’s supper laggy like who would want that
Our message ID won’t work to join a meeting and it won’t even show how to type the password I would give it a 0 star rating but I can’t
I loved working on Zoom, and the quality was great.  Everything was perfect, until I heard a rumor that Zoom was selling information to Facebook, which is very inappropriate in my opinion.  I don’t know what else to say.  It’s just really disappointing to find out.
You know Yo Best thing I love you
Complete and utter waste of time. Thanks. Delete and uninstall at the very first opportunity like me. Worse than useless.
🙏🏽❤️💐
Tried setting it up. Says it sent a confirmation email and I never got it. Requested again, and still haven’t received it. I have also checked junk filter and not in there either
Locosiikiii
"Please add a feature to block pop ups for chat notifications during a meeting. It’s disruptive to have continuous pop ups for large meetings. 
Thanks!"
This app is trash
Obeying the Authorities is very important, while Stay At Home can be challenging Zoom enables me to stay connected and actually see each other!  Easy to use and can be accessed on any device! Technology at the right time!
The camera and audio was great except i could not take the tab or whatever away
I have trouble when my WiFi is “unstable” (that’s the pop up I get).  Otherwise it’s okay, although a pain to get to and download on a pc.  Audio is as good as my camera. Video is fine.  And I think that the comments about the system being overloaded and catching up to demand are right on.  I’d like to know more about encryption, however.  I.e., what level to I have to go to for encryption?
The FitnessGram Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues. The 20 meter pacer testwill begin in 30 seconds. Line up at the start. The running speed starts slowly but gets faster each minute after you hear this signal bodeboop. A sing lap should be completed every time you hear this sound. ding Remember to run in a straight line and run as long as possible. The second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over. The test will begin on the word start. On your mark. Get ready!… Start.
Cool
The zoom app is awesome I ve missed some meetings but that was my fault I’ll use zoom as long as I live
Easy to use.  Thanks
I’d give it zero stars if I could. Worst app ever. Totally glitchy and you can’t see anything. Has confusing controls.
Thanthank you forgive Thank you for
All I can express is gratitude for this amazing platform that brings us together in this time of great need for connection! Thank you Zoom. Easy to use!
This is so trash like I hat corona
That’s very scandalous to send my data to Facebook without my permission.
Just want this app to go away because I don’t want to do school
Not available on this iOS version
It’s really working well for the AA community it there trying times.
Goood app
Doesn't show anyway to upgrade to pro and will only allow you to email people. Entering the phone number doesn't work unless they respond in 53 seconds. I'm trying to use this to connect with members of my bootcamp and so far it's been a headache
Unable to sign in, quite difficult to maneuver as the links don’t work
Zoom does not need to be in the ad business
It’s very easy to use. I love the fact that whomever is speaking, their video pops up so that people are not continuously talking over one another.
:)
I signed up for zoom and enjoyed using for a few minutes but then it stated my free time is up. What’s up with that as nothing is stated the cost of using this app. Please advise.
Love this for connecting with church friends and member of chorus when we cannot meet in person
We are doing mor than 40 in group meetings and is working flawlessly
We’ve been using this for prayer at our church. Wonderful.
I thought the zero
"I read all the one star reviews related to Zoom Personal data sharing with Facebook. Not even one of these reviews were addressed by this developer.... 

An review that contain only  ‘garbage, garbage, garbage’ is addressed Zoom asking for additional info, but the tens of negative comments about Facebook data sharing NO."
"No way to log out.
Note to Developer: Thanks for your help. Changed review to 4 star."
Great and reliable.
"So apparently zoom leaks your data to Facebook regardless of whether you have fb installed or even a fb account. That’s truly pathetic and needs to change. Until then, this is gonna get uninstalled.

Update - they fixed this but I’m not giving 5* until they have a longer record w/o these privacy issues..."
I am really enjoying zoom but this time I didn’t hear anything and couldn’t be heard
The App was easy to use once loaded properly.
Great  App for meeting work’s flawlessly
Video visiting friends in the Corona age...
Awesome!
"Zoom is easy to use and seems like a great app, however twice I had my camera turned on after I had turned it off. One of those times I was in a compromising position, a bug had went down my shirt and I was trying to get it out (I did part of meeting whole sitting outside).Although I had turned my camera off before I took my computer inside I looked up and saw that my camera was back on and it wasn't me who did it.

I am complaining here because although the zoom website told me where to find the feedback it was not there. Maybe this is because I am a student and have a free account."
And they don’t include this in their privacy policy.
This app is so easy to navigate!!! Will be using it again!!!
Really good app to have conference for work or congregation meetings . Be cause of COVID-19 We’ve had our morning work meetings through zoom video, I and my family have attended JW congregation meetings of about 50 callers and about 100 gathered through zoom video. The monthly subscription is worth it.
Having this to connect with distant friends is keeping me sane during these times. But the re-connections I’m making are so great. We are going to keep doing this for awhile.
"Easy to get on, stay on, be on, and use the features. Easy for host to run a meeting. 

Way better than GoTo or FaceTime which I’ve used prior."
Issa vibe fr
Zoom is a app that shows you where other people are located at. It is a very good app and it is from many people from a different world. If you don’t know about zoom it is a very good easy app that can help you to talk and chat to people you might want to know and people who you don’t know and you want to see. And one more thing to tell you guys about this app zoom is that who ever is the host can mute people and you can not unmute your self and only the host can disabled the chat. Thanks and have a awesome day guys to learn more go to scholastics.com it’s my app I made for my family and friends and my cousins and you guys😇😇😇😇😇😇🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊🥳🥳🥳🥳
Thanks
"My Zoom conferencing stopped after 15 minutes. I’m the host & pay $14.99 a month. I. Hope this doesn’t happen again!
   Thank you~ Alice Gonzales"
Very useful tool.
Love lo
Cannot get signed up. Worst app ever
Your able to do a one on one meeting but if you want a meeting with multiple people to join the meeting it requires you to upgrade and pay a monthly subscription.  When trying to figure out how to upgrade & pay the subscription it’s not that user friendly.  Not impressed so far.
"I was skeptical in the beginning, even before attempting. 
  I have found it’s a real lifesaver for the times we’re subjected to. 
  Great seeing my peeps. 
  Michael H."
This is an essential app, well needed in this time of social distancing. It serves a really great purpose.
Even we’re unmute
Collecting data and sending it to Facebook without notifying the user nor asking for permission? Deplorable. You deserve less than one star. Deleted.
Great service
Do not get this app it is very glitching and it horrible for learning
THE BOMB DIGGETY
Horrible audio. Glitches a lot. Makes online schooling 10 times harder.
Great way to get together with my siblings .
I don’t know how to make a ID
Excellent program. Thanks for your help during these critical times!
Zoom reminds me of Apple...it just works.
I can’t use the background thing
Verdaderamente ZOOM hace posible el que podamos reunirnos y seguir trabajando. Es una gran herramienta de trabajo que ahorra tiempo y dinero.
Strangers can get in zoom apps with basic account to say something or post explicit without invite them in meeting raised red flag.
I tried what I thought was everything. Had 6 others in meeting and even though I used the show group option only one person showed on screen at a time...
I found Zoom because of Covid19. So thankful for this app to allow me to stay connected to people!
"The hardest part of self isolation these last couple weeks has been the lack of people to talk to.

Through Zoom, I’ve had happy hour with friends, talked with my children and grandchildren, attended a board meeting, discussed tile options with a decorator.

I am grateful to it every day."
Facebook spyware is implemented by this program. It is too good to be true that the program is completely free. The users are the products.
Was able to enjoy time with my girlfriend
I love, love, love zoom!!! This is awesome!!!
It’s wonderful to see and hear people at this time when anxiety and isolation are part of our universe. Zoom is a great platform to connect and has many types of meetings for many different purposes.
Bad boar not work
I can’t seem to get into meetings on this app!  I do’t know why.  I need someone to help me out.  Thanks!
So trash
Great aa mtgs on zoom.
Zoom has become an important connection for many people in recovery. Zoom is literally saving lives. Sadly Zoom wants to start charging for their service. Many people have lost their jobs and livelihood. For people in early recovery, the monetary loss coupled with the stressors that our new reality has become make staying sober extremely difficult. And to drink is to die. But because Zoom offers a vehicle where the addict/alcoholic can go to meetings, and stay connected, Zoom provides a glimmer of light. A safe spot, a reprieve. I am so grateful to Zoom for helping our community.
"Problems today froze out before a meeting
Would not allow to sign in
Support never called back
Cancelled meeting"
It kicks you out when you don't want to be kicked out
“Improvements to Facebook Login”??!? What a euphemism for purportedly removing the spyware that likely is still embedded in this sorry software... in some “improved” (i.e., harder to detect) manner, no doubt. No one has any reason to trust you—ever—and thankfully there are plenty of other video chat options available.
Zoom technology succeeds when when other Products fail
Our family had really enjoyed this app. Especially since the stay at home order.
This app is terrible, and we are are forced to use it because of the corona virus. Now I’m doing my part in getting it taken off the App Store 🤙🏻🤙🏻
Great quality and easy to use.
Currently using zoom for church services during this devastating time with the corona virus shelter in place effect however able to maintain unity through live streaming
This is amazing not only for work but for communicating with friends and everything that is going on, this helps me keep in touch with everybody
Thank you guys so much much for this service
Very confusing
Outstanding device, enable us to have Bible study, fellowship and discussion.
Private email accounts are displayed to all people with the same email domain. Bad zoom bad!!!
I think I don’t like this app
We LOVE it! Thank you Zoom 👊🏽❤️
Bad, i accidently lit my dog on fire. He burned alive.
The application is doing me wonders during this Corona lock down period, I seamlessly communicate with my coworkers and classmates as well. The application is very stable and the quality is superb. The one downside that it kicks us out after 40 minutes. Zoom should consider weaving that at this very unique time. Staying home depends on affords, reliable, viable options.
whoever likes this app is a teacher or a teacher’s pet. i give this a app big shrek pp
literally killing myself.
Recently the school I work at has shut down from covid-19 and our corporation decided to use zoom for teachers to teach on and my students keep sending the invite code to their friends so they can join and start putting pictures of naked black men on screen.
"I had never heard of this app until a week ago. How grateful I am for it now.
Thank you, Zoom people, for this tool that allows me to better communicate with the people I’m not permitted to physically be in contact with right now. 
The more i use it, the easier it gets to use. I’m not especially tech-savvy, and even I figured my way around pretty quickly."
The audio for the app is straight up terrible and video is worse quality then instagram camera.
Screw Zoom for sending data to Facebook without my consent, as well as not even calling it out in your "privacy" agreement, which I quoted because you don't give a crap about my privacy.
"In this time of isolation it is such a comfort 
To chat with my kids and my sister from our own homes and feeling hugged while we share our day.. makes this isolation much more bearable.. Fills a hole in our hearts 💕 excellent reception and video!!"
Something good has come out of this Corona virus. Our church needed a way to connect and Zoom has been a big help even for a small congregation.
Great option!  I work in technology so use all sorts of meeting options.  Thankful for this option with WW
New user . Worked well even for a newbie to this. I like it thanks!
Very easy to learn and use.
Poor video quality. Good screen backgrounds.
Intuitive, user-friendly, excellent video and sound, protects children with the waiting room setting - Zoom is a dream for any education.
We appreciate this software.
Excelente aplicación para mantener la comunicación con familia y amigos.  Trabaja muy bien. Gracias b
I’m having a mini meltdown trying to get to an A.A. meeting. Totally confusing
As Ed Norton would say: "Bang! Bam! Zoom to the Moon! "  Great app. Thanks.
I love how this app lets us meet simultaneously from wherever we are and that we can invite others to join, even if they don’t have the app: all they need to do is click the link we send them.
You can get a virtual background on a PC/MAC but not on iPad Pro or iPhone XR.  Waste of time!!
So thankful to have zoom as an easy way to connect to everyone when we can’t connect physically
This company steals all your data and personal information and has a huge flaw where camera on your phone or computer can record you even when you are not in the app. Please look up all these complaints online. This company is very scary.
App is great for meeting s
This app continuously crashes even though I have the latest iPhone. Whenever attempt to exit and renenter or even delete and redownload it still doesn’t work.
"I'm sorry but if you keep on doing this, I will block this in my company and actively discourage partners in using your product.

REF:

Zoom iOS App Sends Data to Facebook Even if You Don’t Have a Facebook Account.

Zoom has a number of other potential privacy issues too. Hosts of Zoom calls can see if participants have the Zoom window open or not, meaning they can monitor if people are likely paying attention. Administrators can also see the IP address, location data, and device information on each participant."
“Improvements to Facebook login”... nice update. That’s a hilarious way to describe having been caught with your hand in the cookie jar. Leaking customer info to FB without our knowledge or consent is an inexcusable breach of trust. I will be informing all my colleagues and customers on my mailing lists.
The desktop version of the app is great. The mobile versions are awful because you can’t turn off the audio filters and automatic gain control.
I as one of Jehovah’s Witnesses appreciate this app. so very much. I am 66 years old and would never have imagined we would be attending our meetings this way. At Luke 21:11 God’s word foretold these times , although it is frightening,  there are going to be better days ahead as Revelation 21:4 tells us that at that time there will be No More Pain or Death , the former things have passed away ! You may agree that this would have to be an earthly hope because in Heaven there are none of these things and you would be right ! The earth will Finally be returned to what it was supposed to be in the beginning, A Beautiful Paradise , as foretold at Isaiah 65 : 21- 25 . I do pray that whoever reads this review will find it comforting to there lives and those of there families.
It works better than Skype. The audio is good.
It’s great to be able to have a group meeting and still keep our social distance. Easy to connect from phone, iPad, or laptop.
What a great app to use to communicate with friends and loved ones during these trying time!! If I could give more then 5 stars I definitely would!
This is a bad app
I’ve been taking all my workout classes with my instructors, at home, plus talking to family & friends, and getting school work for my kiddos. Thank you!
Shameful.
I had never heard of Zoom before Covid-19. Thank you for being an alternative to help us see each other during this crazy time!
Excellent
An observation I just signed up for zoom. When I sign in it’s asking for an email and password. There was no place to create a password at sign in. What ever PW I use is wrong. That should be changed as it’s confusing to use. I had to know to ask for the user ID to sign in last night.
I tutor and have used Zoom just once but it was so easy to set up and communicate the skills needed for the student.  I have even worked out a setup to model shape and use the dryErase board.  Only problem is the 40 minute time limit for basic and the cost of the Pro version.
Not working
It didn’t work. They could see me and hear me. I could only hear them.
This application has been a Godsend during the COVID19 pandemic. I would like to see more in-app guidance for new users to get “self help” during the meeting (e.g. how do I raise my hand, chat, etc.).
This app is helping me in school because of the coronavirus. Very good app.
It’s great 😆😆 I would prefer that the video quality was a little better so u can actually see the other people you’re talking to, but besides that I think this is a really great idea and I really love it!!!
This app is keeping me connected to people!!!  Coronavirus will not keep me from my support group and from the people I love!  Thank you Zoom for keeping us together... 6 ft. apart!
my teachers gonna make me use this. please rate 1 star :)
This app steals your information and sells it just a little fyi
Awesome!
Great Experience
It won’t let me log on and crashes every time I get on it. 1 star for sure
I’ve been using this for more than 3 years and have found it to be simple for new users and so helpful with all the tools for meetings! Love it!
Ever since using zoom, conference calls are much easier! Idea sharing and slide presentations are almost seem less. 😎
We could not connect with our class. Used iPhone 11 and then tried on our hp laptop.
This has been wonderful way to have meetings and feel safe doing so.
My dad passed away six years ago. Typically, on the anniversary we do shots in his memory.  This year because of the Covid-19 we had to get creative. I thank you Zoom, for bringing all of our friends together through video chat so we could Cheers to my dad! This app is amazing!
"I have never heard of Zoom app until a day ago. 
Used it on a Zoom Call (group of 25+)

It was so easy to learn how to use. 
To 
GET 
Install
Sign in
Start using!!
For those working from home. 
“A must Have”"
нσяяιвℓє αωєѕσмє αωєѕσмє
Thanks Zoom for allowing our 7yo daughter and the friends she misses come up with new games they can play remotely!
They sell any collected info to Facebook and can collect from any of your open tabs as they please.
We have never used Zoom until COVID-19. How amazing it has been to be able to have meetings and see our friends under these difficult times. Much thanks.
Zoom has been an amazing tool during the quarantine! They extended our chat time way way beyond the 40 minute limit for free accounts and we had a great, much needed happy hour group chat for several hours! That time is really precious when so many people are home alone. Thank you!!
It has made online meetings so easy.
Net neutrality needs to happen again people are entitled to their info online
Thank you💕
using this makes me wanna cry
Can’t sign up. Have tried for 2 day’s straight! Haven’t been able to get an email to continue past the first screen of sign up process.
"Great tool for distance learning and instructor collaboration . Good tutorials.
Students can use their smartphones, surface, or desktop. Free and easy to use!"
Wonderful best I have seen
Horror app. Extremely complicated and very user unfriendly.
This is an effective tool for keeping in touch
Just awesome!!
Zoom has been INVALUABLE during this time of sheltering in place and working from home. It has saved both my connection to the outside world and my sanity. I’ve been able to continue yoga classes, work meetings and personal health meetings. So grateful for it🤓
Blatant spyware.
"Very nice meeting app!
Worked well.
No data drop outs or buffering!
Highly recommend!"
When the quarantine hit and everyone stopped going to work, rl meetings also stopped, almost entirely. I’ve been able to hit 2 a day and not use, so thanks zoom for keeping me alive and not (too) crazy.
"Zoom has opened closed doors   You play a vital role during this time of crises. Bless you. 
It’s so amazing to be able to connect"
🅘 🅙🅤🅢🅣 🅖🅞🅣 🅞🅕🅕 🅩🅞🅞🅜 🅐🅝🅓 🅘🅣 🅗🅐🅢 🅐🅜🅐🅩🅘🅝🅖 s͓̽t͓̽u͓̽f͓̽f͓̽ i͓̽t͓̽'s͓̽ r͓̽e͓̽a͓̽l͓̽l͓̽y͓̽ f͓̽u͓̽n͓̽ t͓̽o͓̽ c͓̽h͓̽a͓̽t͓̽ w͓̽i͓̽t͓̽h͓̽ p͓̽e͓̽o͓̽p͓̽l͓̽e͓̽! P͓̽l͓̽u͓̽s͓̽ y͓̽o͓̽u͓̽ c͓̽a͓̽n͓̽ s͓̽t͓̽a͓̽y͓̽ d͓̽i͓̽s͓̽t͓̽a͓̽n͓̽t͓̽ f͓̽r͓̽o͓̽m͓̽ p͓̽e͓̽o͓̽p͓̽l͓̽e͓̽ b͓̽e͓̽c͓̽a͓̽u͓̽s͓̽e͓̽ o͓̽f͓̽ t͓̽h͓̽e͓̽ C͓̽o͓̽r͓̽o͓̽n͓̽a͓̽ V͓̽i͓̽r͓̽u͓̽s͓̽! S͓̽t͓̽a͓̽y͓̽ s͓̽a͓̽f͓̽e͓̽ u͓̽s͓̽i͓̽n͓̽g͓̽ Z͓̽o͓̽o͓̽m͓̽! l͓̽o͓̽v͓̽e͓̽ i͓̽t͓̽ t͓̽h͓̽a͓̽n͓̽k͓̽ y͓̽o͓̽u͓̽! •w•
Sends personal data to Facebook. Nice job Zoom.  :-(    Deleting from iPhone.
no
This app is so user friendly.  Just a brilliant addition to our world given these current horrific conditions.  At least we can continue with our fitness goals because of the availability of this fantastic app.  🙏🏼 Thank You.  M.R
Difficult to solve problems when meetings are trying to be held.the picture of a participant only half fills the space.
Truly remarkable
Privacy concerns
This app is amazing! The audio needs a little bit more work, but other wise it is awesome!
I’ve been a part of my first 4 Zoom teleconferences this week, and all went well! We will be zooming through the Coronavirus!
On the Mac and iOS, gathering data they don’t need for reasons you’d never approve of. I download it only when necessary, and delete it as soon as the meeting is over.
Excellent communication tool
I’m grateful that zoom is so intuitive.  I’m attend yoga &amp; support meetings.... staying connected ❤️ Lou Ann Lindley
Both on a personal and business sense, the application is an easy-to-use excellent way to engage groups. I like many turned to it during recent  shelter-in-place requirement. However, I plan to also use in to improve my productivity after the shelter-in-place requirements are lifted.
i have this downloaded on my laptop and i had to cover my webcam because it would randomly turn on even when I wasnt using it. They also sell your information to Facebook, and will use any open tab on your laptop or phone and get information that way.
Great way to communicate with clarity in audio and video!
All I need is my zoom url but it’s either hidden on the app or when I click on my meeting number it keeps telling me to upgrade. Just give me the info I need, already.
Thanks so much for the ability to meet up with other people during this time of disconnectedness.  We need each other!
So who will be first to add it. Google meet nor zoom or any other have the ability to stream to my smart TV via AirPlay.  Why did it take a 64 year old man to come up with this?
There stealing your info and selling it to Facebook
Excellent
Yes
Thank you for providing this service it helps stay connected during this difficult time in our nation!!!
Thanks for the ability to see and converse with friends during this difficult time.
Flexibility in control of “Chat.” Host ability to turn on/off group and private chat.
Bad
"Loved to see my fellow congregants from old times and current ones.  Baruch HaShem for such privilege to be connected and remember the importance of unity in the midst of the solace of seclusion.  May we all stay well, with prayers for those in need of healing and/or consolation. 
Thank you everyone"
Great Technology!
Using zoom is fantastic while we are locked in our houses during this pandemic!
"Have been to several ZOOM meetings over the last couple weeks, including church bible study, some work related and a family meeting.
In this time of “safe at home” It’s been a blessing to have the chance to see others. Though navigating the app the first time was a little confusing, once we all figured it out, it’s been great."
Thank you so Zoom. It’s awesome
"GREAT! GREAT!! EXCELLENTE!!! I am very happy about the zoom app. It’s helped my friends, brothers and sisters stay connected ( reunited at distance) so that we can get spiritual guidance in the middle of this stressful times. Due to corona virus, we are unable to gather due for our own safety and that of our neighbor. But thru the zoom app we are able to see ourselves, listen to each other. It almost feels as if we are next to each other. We can surely keep doing what Hebrews 10:24,25 asks that we do: “And let us consider one another so as to incite to love and fine works,  25 not forsaking our meeting together, as some have the custom, but encouraging one another, and all the more so as you see the day drawing near”.
We surely hope the words from Isaiah 33:24d"
I’m hate video calling
Buenísimo muy nítida
"According to network traffic analysis carried out by Motherboard, Zoom for iOS is sending data to Facebook without making any mention of the practice in its privacy policy.

The new version of this app which removes this violation of privacy is surreptitiously noted as

“-improvements to Facebook login”"
I’ve tried so many times to login to Zoom and every time I do it kicks me back to the sign in or sign up page. It’s extremely frustrating because it won’t even allow me to sign in so I can set myself to be the host for the call. Please fix!!!!
Zoom has been wonderful in staying in contact with family and friends during this coved-19 pandemic. Thank you
Zoom wouldn’t let me join my family members zoom meeting with the password so I wasn’t able to communicate during the pandemic.
Great meeting App. Only criticism is that a time clock or two minute warning should be offered to allow wrap-up comments to be made
Okay just so you know tech does not work sometimes. Well it’s because a lot of people are trying to get in. This app works like google hangouts so if this app is not your fav then you can try google hangouts
Sometimes the app and when you call it just doesn’t work and sometimes I call again and it still doesn’t work
"There are many inconsistencies, latency and freezing up issues. I would like to be able to speak or make contact with a knowledgeable human, instead of a robot that sends links! 
Length and syncing sound, being able to yourself and another person at the same time are the major glitches for me."
Great app! Could use More features in video conferencing. Still very useful.
They tell you in the app how to turn on the microphone but if it never shows in the privacy-microphone settings you cannot enable it. Great for if you are only listening and not participating in meetings.
Excellent service! This has been a lifeline for our family and friends
Our book club has not skipped a beat thanks to zoom. We had a great discussion today. Thank you Zoom.
We love this app and all it offers.
"Loved
MingMelton"
Zoom is a great way to keep up with people and meetings while we keep social distancing. It is a lifesaver and a mood booster.
Eltrijo
I paid for Pro and four days later still cannot meet for more than 40 minutes. They got my money though, so that’s all that matters to Zoom, Inc.
Huge blessing during this pandemic allowing people to see and hear each other in real time.
Due to its 40min restriction I only give 3 stars.
This app sells your data to facebook and As of March 27 has not updated it on there privacy policy.
This is
First experience with zoom this last week. Was great the first few days. I was excited because I was able to attend AA meetings on this site. Then the Zoombombing started to happen. People disrupting and attacking people in the meetings. Calling dear friends of mine whores and saying they are going to come and rape them. I guess it’s been happening for quite a while. I don’t understand why zoom can’t get a handle on it. With our technology today they should be able to do something about it! People being threatened to be raped and killed on your website should be taken seriously! Hope to see some positive news about action taken against these people doing it. I hope zoom does the right thing and corrects the problem. Companies survive on reputation! Not looking so good right now zoom!
He didn’t know that zoom was sending data to Facebook? Now days is the new oil like the ad sez. Makes Microsoft telemetry almost honest
In this day and age when EVERYONE is trying to connect I’ve had NO problems. Given the amount of bandwidth being used that’s impressive!
Too hard
Y’all watch us through the screen whenever you please. Like TF.
I love talking to my friends and family especially with the coronavirus going around by the way I am Hailey and I think zoom is a great app it is very useful
Excellent app!
Virus💩💩💩💩💩💩💩
"My voice transmission is being very weakly received.  Others are not able to clearly receive my voice transmission.  Can my transmission volume be increased.  I am using an Apple iPad with all updates.  The iPad is less than one year old.
Thank you,  WBC"
Works like HD television 😎
I hate it
I can’t sing in because your dumb app says I got it wrong too many time
Taking data from open windows
Great app for video chat but needs to allow for 20 more minutes of free time before charging rates in basic settings.  yes a total for 60 minutes is fair then after that limit it would seem reasonable to charge. 40 minutes with is too short for any group meeting and there are many other video chat options for group meetings that are free for 60 minutes or more. If this is not going to be the reasonable standard then as a consumer it check out the free video chat apps or video chat options
I like it, but it does not let me use my code.
Thought this was going to be a waste of time. Boy was I wrong. Really enjoy this format. Getting better each time I go to a meeting
This app is awesome, I just wish that we could have ad much backgrounds as we want. I don’t like the limit on it.
Loved connecting with family all over the country
Assume too much traffic for site to handle
PLEASE STOP STEALING MY INFORMATION, i downloaded this app for SCHOOL, for my EDUCATION, i did NOT download facebook i did NOT ask for my information to be STOLEN from me. 🖕☺️
Horrible
DONT GET IT
Very good way to connect with one another.
Terms of services and use are whack. No you can’t use my information
At first I liked Zoom. But then I started reading the terms and conditions and I saw many articles about it. Zoom is sharing your information to Facebook without your consent, they can also turn on the camera without you having to open the app. They can also see your data from other tabs on your computer. I don’t know about you but I don’t want a company that my school is forcing me to use to be stealing our information online.
Bulb
Just what we needed.
This was a very good app it was very useful for talking to my friends ok now i am going to resort to emojis to get your attention 😱🤗😯😶😴🥴🤒🤕🤢🤤😦😐🤔😨😰🤭😑😧😪🤮🤑🤠🤧😵😮😬🤫😥😓🤥🙄😲🤐😷😈🤠🤑🤕🤕🤒👿👹👺🤡💩👾👽☠️💀👻💩💩💩💩💩💩🤖😻😽😼🎃😺😸🙀😿😹👍🏻sorry I know this is annoying 😓
Very helpful, clear sound & video! Worked great for our meeting!
Not user friendly to add contacts.  Can’t figure out how to upgrade.
Just an awesome experience.  Had our family from Sweden to the Midwest and out to California.  So easy to do.
This site invaded my privacy
If I was an app, and I could make more money by getting users to upgrade to “Pro”, I would think I’d make it really clear and obvious how to do that! Lost opportunities! And a little annoying !
"This is the best thing that happen to since this social distance stared. You gather as a church through ZOOM and I am able to teach the catechism of my church to our children. We celebrate the liturgy of the word and pray together!!!
Thank God for ZOOM."
This app steals your data and sends it to Facebook. Would highly not recommend
Horrible, sells people information, can’t believe people aren’t talking about this
It stole information of mine and keeps opening my camera at random times. This app is not safe and I don’t think it should be used, for online schooling or anything
I feel extremely grateful this tech exists and is free to use at this time. I wish I’d known about it before pandemic!
Just started ZOOM since the quarantine began.  More contact with friends and family than ever before!
Cancel? I’m
I downloaded the app to host a virtual happy hour with friends because we don’t all have Apple phones. This has been something we all look forward to each week since we can’t physically see each other right now. It has given us the ability to lift our spirits and keep us sane in this crazy and scary time of Covid. Thank you Zoom!
Zoom was a great venue for a yoga party!
I just used Zoom for the first with a friend I haven’t seen in a while. She lives in another city. I’m 61 & I figured it out!
Zoom won’t ask my iPad to access the microphone!
"It’s a very helpful and resourceful app during this pandemic, BUT it steals your information, ie info about you, info about the open tabs on your computer, and at one point there was a vulnerability allowing the app to turn on your camera while not in use. On top of that, zoom is now sharing your info with Facebook. It’s a breach of privacy and I will no longer be their apps for the safety of my private info.

EDIT: although this all happened, legitimately earlier today they patched this and supposedly are no longer sharing info with Facebook. Would still be cautious but they seem to be aware of their issues which is nice."
Really easy to use.  Awesome platform.
Really like this app!
I got this app because COVID-19 and my school chats and  more it is free and just put in the password and you will be in the call .When you talk the camera goes on you and your teachers can mute you and the whole class
Wish it was longer than 40 min meeting time limit
Teachers use the app to get access to personal info on students
I have to use this app for school or else i’ll fail all my classes, but i wouldn't have a problem if they didn't sell or give away information about its users. The chat function could use improvements too.
"Thanks 
 Being able to follow guidelines of social distancing we were still able to have our annual family reunion!!"
What a wonderful way to stay connected with home bound friends and family.
I was under the impression that those who are invited to a meeting did not need the app. But seems they do. No every users has the luxury of a smart devise
Works really good we’re having meetings and conferences I would recommend it over Skype
"Ok on cell 
Desktop better"
The app is really good but the audio sometimes glitches.
dhhdhx
If true Stop
El sonido no estuvo bien.
Absolutely terrible
A fantastic social gathering tool in these days os social distancing!
NOOOO
This app turns out that they will share your data WITHOUT your consent to facebook and can open your open windows however they want!! DO NOT USE UNLESS YOU HAVE TO
I just had a meeting on zoom with a group of close friends. This was a meeting of Alcoholics Anonymous. These meetings help keep us sober. I started the meeting sitting by my 4 year old daughter. Unwelcome guests started entering the meeting and yelling prolific things at me and all of my friends while I was right by my daughter. The leader of the group tried to mute everyone but strangers kept joining and screaming foul things in the background. They started making porn references, screaming and cussing and insulting all of us. We had no choice but to end the meeting quickly because we couldn’t stop the unwelcome guests from entering. These meetings are our refuge and our hope to bring the message to the newcomer and help those who suffer with addiction. If there is a way to make sure this doesn’t happen again in the future that would be great to hear about. This is a first and I just hope it doesn’t happen to anyone/any children in the future. If you have any advice I would be happy to hear it. Thank you and take care.
"Better than FaceTime 
Easy to use
Amazing 
Try It"
Given the fact that we have not seen our parents this application has made it possible to enjoy seeing each other. Thank you so much
Nobody downloads the App, They send your data to Facebook
I’m not a techie person. I get what I need only when I have to.
L&J
THIS APP TAKES YOUR PRIVATE INFORMATION AND SHARES IT TO FACEBOOK WITHOUT YOUR CONSENT WHETHER YOU HAVE FACEBOOK OR NOT. THIS IS ABSOLUTELY  N O T  OKAY!! THERE ARE MINORS THAT HAVE TO USE THIS APP!
"The video is crisp and clear. 
Share screen is amazing.
We are able to use this stay connected with our spiritual family!!!!!
Love it! 
Recommended!!
100% satisfied!"
Audio is not smooth.  Speaking simultaneously seems to be difficult
It tracks how much time your main screen on zoom is. I have two screen, I use one screen for zoom and another one for notes, but on zoom it shows I’m not paying attention when I take notes.
Difficult to set up and sign in.  Not for iPhone.
No phone numbers option for Basic tier, while competitors provide that option for free. Trying to find some help from their website is useless and overall frustrating experience. Seems to be overrated to me!!
Zoom is fantastic! Easy and rock solid. Thank you, Zoom!
I could not get in my invitation to a meeting. It would not let me in.
Zoom is the best way to get classes online!Thanks
This app should taken off from the app store
I was running late so every minute counted.  From scratch, knowing nothing about this app, it took one minute to sign up then just click on an email link and we were there.  My son doesn’t even like school but was enjoying this video session from home with me connected to his first grade teacher, classmates, and the material for a lesson on scorpions that we could all read together.  We ended the class singing happy birthday to one of the students- all on my little iPhone.  Next time we’ll use his iPad and I’m really looking forward to it.  It was a fun experience and encouraging to feel connected to his school community.  It is so nice knowing this is here anytime I need it.  Did I mention it was easy?
Great way to stay in touch during these quarantine times .
I use zoom on my pc with the best graphics card and it still is such bad quality.
The non enterprise plans arent even secure enough for hipaa laws - thats a little concerning
Myself and my 5 sisters all gathered and had an amazing visit.  Will definitely use this app regularly.    Thanks
Tremendo , gracias.
Clumsy interface, written in kindergarten level English. It could have been a contender.
THIS APP WILL STEAL YOUR DATA AND SELL IT TOO FACEBOOK IT STATES IT IN THE TERMS OF SERVICE AND IT OPENLY STEALS YOUR DATA IN OPEN WINDOWS or apps) AND CAN SELL IT TO 3RD PARTYS ITS NOT SAFE!!!!!
Awesome apps! Very helpful! I’ll give an excellent rate!
Everything about the connection with zoom was great. Video & audio. Enjoying the free version. But definitely will be upgrading.
I had a great meeting with my boss tonight! We reviewed and did some editing of the content of a new teaching manual. Thank you zoom.
Zoom has proven itself to be very valuable. Both of my kids are teachers and they use it to reach their students. In turn we have also used it to reach our family that is scattered all across the US, with a family telecom call. It has been an incredible gift. Thank you.
One person had slow WiFi so the whole thing was very slow. In general it didn’t work very well. It was slow, the audio was off, and it hardly worked.
Very nice
"Your platform has been a lifesaver in these uncertain times for my business, and for personal use. Thank you for offering the service and helping the country in a time of need!

Sincerely, Pam Kinter"
Used it 4 times this week
Nice to chat with a lot of friends at same time
Excellent and innovative technology platform
I am appalled to learn that Zoom will collect your data and shares it with Facebook. Zoom is also capable of taking ANY AND ALL information from any additional windows that are open on your screen. Zoom is also capable of turning on your webcam whenever it pleases. And no Zoom did not disclose ANY of this to its users. I had to come across an exposé piece about Zoom online. I will no longer be using Zoom on ANY of my devices. This is absolutely DISGUSTING!
I like zoom
Cool
It’s hard to find support for this app.   And the fact that you can’t send this without a “nickname” is also not cool.  All of the nicknames are taken.
this app can steal your information and i’m really for that
It was not very good
Good job team,
This app sells your info to Facebook and recently had a scandal of turning your camera on without permission, so please be safe and advise professors/teachers of this and delete it immediately on any device.
Zoom helps me because of the coronavirus helps me stay together with  My friends Wouldn’t you like to see your friends kind of a hard timeWell I do
Awful app
Bad
Giving away our data and personal information as well as turning on our cams when we don’t know
This app is awesome. A great way to meet with employees, and family members. A must have app
Very easy to use.  Great quality audio & video.
its awsome but gliches alot
Nice alternative & allows more than 8 participants.
Great app! Thanks to Corona, I found this app!
Get it too one star so we dont have online classes
I am continually being kicked out of chat
reliability
Bad
App on my iPad Air, is not showing as requesting permission for access to microphone. Therefore, I am unable to be heard in meetings.
"Hacked 
Zoom has no security 
Meeting cancelled after 1/2 hour"
They collect to much of your information and the live feed isn’t that great
I have been using this tool for work and personal meetings.  My clients appreciate the convenience of meeting and sharing screens.
School
I didn’t not agree to have an app that can RECORD MY CHILDREN ( underage ) went they accidentally leave the site open on there computers . This is an inappropriate thing to do with underaged KIDS!! I can’t believe I used this , and I let my children use it as well . I HOPE this app gets shut down !!!
Zoom is horrible at knowing how to keep your data private. They do not what so ever keep your data safe and treat it like it’s nothing.
Beware. Worst customer support ever. These guys at Zoom have been charging us for an add-on that we purchased a while ago, but they won’t let us cancel it. Their website keeps telling us to “contact billing support to cancel”, and we have been trying to contact their billing support for 4 weeks. 4 weeks! We have tried emailing them multiple times, calling them multiple times, chatting with them thru live chat, everything... and they keep saying “billing support is helping other customers. We will get back to you ASAP.” We have been waiting for 4 weeks for them to get back to us, and we keep reaching back out to them to no avail. These guys are bordering on fraudulent. Now we have to dispute these charged with out credit card, and will need to get lawyers involved if necessary.
The virtual background feature need to be able to be on all devices. Other than that it’s ok.
I think it’s good but it’s to glitchy I can never hear what a person is saying most of the time and I think you should make it kind of like google classroom with class work
It’s just bad
Such a WONDERFUL way to stay connected, during these days of quarantine. Thank you, Zoom!
Great and quick!
It’s good for my Company and family meeting!
Stop spying on me and stealing my data you creeps!
they take your data without knowing and can turn on your camera without your knowledge, they share all your info to facebook. they also steal your info whenever. PLEASE DONT GET THIS APP
:(
.desolc si ppa eht nehw neve no snrut aremac ehT
We had 45 minutes sessions when we are safe at home to have conversations for each other in our bedrooms
Steals data, turns on your webcam whenever.
I had to do a meeting it was so slow and we could barley see or hear each other
Not good
I have to learn by this app because of the Corona Virus but i really really like this app. 5 stars for this 🙆🏻‍♀️❤️
Can and will share information. They also can still information from opened tabs without consent!!! They’ve had problems that can cause them too turn off and on people’s cameras with them noticing !!!
That’s pretty much it
A great way to connect with audio and video
Zoom is a trusted vehicle for communication.
A must have
This is one of the premier apps for video conferencing, not glitchy, does a good job of shifting focus as different participants speak, good controls for the host to control how others can share. But on iOS devices I see no way to share background audio like you can on a PC.
Zoom has changed their policy without us knowing.They share our data to Facebook without us knowing and turns on out camera whenever they want to!!!!They can also see all your browsers and access all your information on it! I say we should do the same thing we did to life 360. If your seeing this please give it a one star review so they can’t access our information anymore.If you need zoom to do something like work tell them what I told you and say maybe we could add each others phone number and out them in a groupchat for work or maybe you we can donate a bunch of old phones and maybe tablets Incase if anyone doesn’t have a phone.
Was absolutely what we needed to clear our heads and feel better mentally.
not cool to take our data without our consent
steaks data
You are awesome!  We appreciate the service you are providing while we are quarantined.
Very consistent, easy to use, I have enjoyed all my Zoom meetings.
My sisters and I used it last night.  We haven’t been together in weeks because of the virus. It was fun and better than the phone whereby you  chat without visual
Hated it
Easy to use
Thanks
"Excellent!
We herd everything clearly, 
the Video broadcasts was perfect."
This app is very awesome. I wasn’t familiar with it, but now I’m getting the hang of it. In this time of distress it is an excellent option to keep in touch with our loved ones. Thank you very much.
At a time when we cannot get together with a group this is wonderful medicine 😀
This app has made me able to get buissness done when i can meet with my clients
This is fantastic! A great way to keep in touch with friends and family.
No
This app steals data like no other.
Thanks for this fabulous free platform!
It shares you’re information 😨
Zoom is such a great way to stay connected with people no matter where they are. And fairly easy to get the hang of.
If it wasn’t for zoom a lot of achololics would be dead! Thank you for you app!
I cant access this app from my phone yet have no problem from the computer- cant figure out - no one to contact re:this problem!
When my group gets on it it works well. There is confusion about ID numbers. Is there a next step to sending the ID to invites when the meeting is set up? It isn’t obvious.
And crashes on new equipment.  Ok for a freebie, I would not pay for the service. Thank you.
i have been using zoom for class and it is horrible. too glitchy and not clear whatsoever even on good wifi. this should be deleted.
This app is a great asset since the advice of authorities to self quarantine.
Such a great way to communicate amazing!!,
"I’m still learning the app, 4 meetings in.
I find it difficult to learn, not particularly intuitive. (I’m a life long Mac user and suspect zoom was developed on a PC platform.)
I don’t really enjoy zoom meetings and hope another meeting platform gets developed to replace it."
Zoom is awesome!
Grateful to be able to minister across the world with this amazing tool. God bless you.
Especially during this time of distancing... I am sooooo thankful to have this resource available to stay in community with friends family and people in our lives💓💓💓
Great app, just curious why only 40 mins? Where is the option to pay to have more screen time? Also there should be a warning when you’re getting to the 40 mins, otherwise you’re in the middle of a convo and it just shuts you down, and you have to start a whole new meeting.
I’ve worked out on zoom. Perfect!
This was used for the 1st time today!  Let’s see what will become!
Great!!!
Works very well. ❤️❤️ Thx
Zoom is the FaceTime online! With zoom you can draw while staying on with friends (whiteboard) and screen share so you can watch videos with you and your friend while still on!
This app is super easy to learn with very near features that are so help and practical.   I love it!
Awesome pictures/images and good quality video. I'll recommend zoom to any group any day.
Especially during the Coronavirus, we can still attend our Christian meetings via Zoom.  And conduct our bible studies via Zoom.  Have gatherings with our friends across the states via Zoom. The cost is minimal, and worth not worrying about a meeting/gathering ending in 40 min.  And lastly, it’s very easy to catch on how it all works, very user friendly. My 80+ friend caught on easily in just 2 days of practice.    Thank you developers 👍🏼. (Heb.10:24,25)
Better than google hangouts or meet
The Zoom app is sending some analytics data to Facebook, even if Zoom users don't have a Facebook account, according to a Motherboard analysis of the app
I felt like it was confusing
I’ve been on three zoom webinars in the last two days that have been hacked by deviant minds. Please fix it
I personally don’t want my professors and instructors from college to see anything from my Facebook, I also learned that his app had issues in the past where they can turn on the camera whenever they want and take that data ☺️ so I’m never using this again
this app gathers information from all of your meetings and then sells said information to Facebook. they do this by turning the camera on, even when the app is closed and guess what? none of it is with your consent.
It’s easy to use and it’s free!!
I love this app for our meetings❣️
"- I can only see an arbitrary nine participants. There’s no way to see a different nine people or scroll through the gallery. I should be able to swipe left or right to see other participants in the 3x3 gallery. So when I’m in a meeting with 20 people, I can either see the person speaking or a fixed nine people. I cannot scroll through the gallery to see the others.
- Messaging during a Zoom meeting is unavailable."
Disappointed to see “improvements to Facebook login” instead of “elimination of …” since Facebook is NSA’s third worst competitor (after China and Google).
Our upstate NY law firm has been closed due to the Covid 19 virus and the state’s directive that all businesses close for the time being. Using Zoom, we conduct daily strategy sessions that have allowed our firm to continue operations at a far better level than it otherwise would have! We initially used Zoom with the free service, quickly realized the utility of it and purchased a subscription. We believe it is money well spent!
Zoom has allowed me to connect with friends and family during this time when we’re all directed to isolate ourselves from others.  As a social animal this is particularly tough, but this platform allows me to share, to visit, to see those so valuable in my life.  I’m very grateful to Zoom for this ability to help restore a sense of normalcy to my life.
Authentication feature is inadequate
I’ve been a part of Zion meetings quite a few times now and have found them helpful for communication with others, thank you for having this available for use !
The learning curve notwithstanding, Zoom is a Godsend in this epoch of Covid-19.  Thank you.  Is there a way to see everyone who attends a meeting with an I-phone 7?
This is a huge blessing for all who need Zoom
Shelter in place turned into meetings with all your friends at one time in one place. Just so happens to be on your phone or computer and not in person.
.
Great way to connect with each other!
So thankful for this app to have meetings and keep in touch.
Useful and efficient
Zoom- it’s the best. Thankful for the best way to connect with people during the Shelter In Place.
Perfect, simple, stable and even fun. Such a great solution for our small group face to face meetings. Sharing is easy and effective! Great!
This app is a wonderful way to keep in touch with friends and family. Issues to use interface. Not glitchy like some of the other conference apps.
Xài tốt
During this CV-19 time, it has been such a blessing to be able to connect with my Team Survivor San Diego Sea Dragons and exercise together.  Thank you for this platform to connect and Get ‘er Done!  We’re gonna Zoom Zoom Zooma Zoom!
멀리 있지만 같이 할수있음에 감사
Taking my data and sending my personal information to companies 0/5 stars
I can’t access meetings.
Zoom has been doing what we need. Group meetings that are short, 30 minutes, with 5 minutes at beginning and end for stuff outside of meeting content. Also like the upgraded account for longer meetings.
Don’t buy this!!
Everyone I know using Zoom can change their background, but I can not.  There is no virtual background available in my settings.
Great app
"Participants are actively involved with feedback on comments and questions.   Leadership is prepared and very helpful.  Love having classes from my home environment as though I am in physical meeting place with others but without the hassle.
Sharon W."
Great for conferences, presentations. Used it to have a group chat with family.
During this time of uncertainty and separation its so nice to see friends faces and have a more personal interaction!!!
It always crashes or glitches and it is not customizable
Thghnj
Very disappointed.  Had to go and BUY a laptop to use it for teaching.  Should have same functions and toolbar no matter what hardware is being used.
It is great for online classes it has great features and I would recommend it to everyone for any conference
Who knew we were going to rely on some level of communication during such a time like this? Zoom has been a great tool that allows multiple people face to face, clear audio , enabling for us to continue to have our Church meetings , fellowship gatherings and family connections!!  Highly recommended 👍🏼.
Good way to have meetings and also a good way to visit with friends and family
Cannot use zoom..... keeps telling me my token has expired.  I cannot get any assistance on this matter.
Could not find icon for Air Play so could only use on tiny screen,  basically useless!!!!
So appreciate my church for providing access to our services. Hope this will only be for a short period of time! I am definitely ready to shake some hands and hug some necks!!!
So WONDERFUL for keeping your church family in fellowship ‼️‼️‼️
Have used many different online meeting tools. Zoom is absolutely the best I have ever used.
I’ve been to the other sites and Zoom is the Best program to use for any group meetings and online speaking business opportunities! I’d definitely recommend it to anyone. Like going to Google to search for information is the same as going to Zoom to conduct a webinar. It’s seriously a no-brainer
I love it but I just cannot figure out how to upgrade it to Zoom Pro.
Worked great, so good to connect with and see class members, since we are unable to meet in person right now fun to get together on Zoom. Thank you for this application.
This app can pull data from other open windows on your computer or device and is or at least was very recently harvesting data for Facebook without its users’ consent. This poses a massive privacy risk to us as consumers. As of March 27th, following a massive amount of backlash, they apparently altered the app to not share this data, but it‘s naive to trust ANY platform associated with Facebook. We cant be sure what else they will try and get away with, considering that they weren’t transparent about this in the first place. DO NOT BE A VICTIM, and DO NOT PUT YOURSELF AT RISK. If you’re a student in quarantine, please inform your teachers about other platforms such as Google Meet.
You have kept us connected!
Thanks for allow
no
I am honestly displeased on to why this app is doing. Many teachers and students use this app to have online classes! It is displeasing to know that this company would do such a thing!!!
That’s it
My school was using this to give us online classes and they can see everything going on in my house and I don’t like it
The best meeting app on the App Store
The Zoom app is muted on my iPad and iPhone. The app says to go to settings - privacy - microphone. That can NEVER WORK because Zoom NEVER ASKS for access to the microphone when you download it.  So guess what? Zoom is NOT on the list of apps so I cannot set permission!! From the settings page on the iPhone and iPad there is no item listed to turn on or off access to the microphone. In addition, it doesn’t work with the Apple computer except via download using the internet.  This app is not even on the Mac list!!  The app is useless if using an Apple product, so it rates a big ZERO for meetings.  Fix the app!!!
Terrible audio quality
When u can’t leave the house or u live in different states it’s hard to talk to family and friends . You can talk to maybe one person at a time but you can’t be able to talk to and see all your family at the same time unless everyone is together which is hard to do. But with zoom u can  do that . With zoom I was able to take my dance classes ,talk to my family ,do a pet parade with my dance studio ,and talk to my friends.i love zoom ! I have also used zoom to talk take a class with my friends and teachers at school since we can not go to school.Zoom is a great app to talk to friends and family!
i like it because you can do stuff that you can’t do on FaceTime like muting, getting a virtual background  and turning your video  off.
It’s alright I guess could be improved upon
First time user. Great!
"Zoom dinner parties have made the isolation almost bearable.  We get to spend time with our friends and not spread the virus.

Thank you Zoom!!!!"
But this helps. Thank you.
So glad to be able to have online meetings and keep in touch without fear of spreading Coronavirus. Thanks so much
It is wonderful!
they share your data with facebook. DO NOT GET THIS APP.
...couldn’t find it at Apple Store to download on my Mac
Family dinners over Zoom 🙂
Whether for business or families in these times of “shelter in place”, I recommend highly using zoom.  Our BSF group has continued without missing a beat.  Our family “meets” in the evenings...not the same, of course but nearly so
I had not discovered Zoom until ten days ago, but now in my basement quarantine I find it is a lifesaver.   I stay in touch with family and friends, we have virtual drinks parties, we communicate with our community, we discuss issues of every kind, and we feel more connected because we can see faces and talk to more than one person at a time.   Thank you, Zoom!
"Way too complicated and cumbersome to use.
The idea of the app is great. However instructions need to be simplified; too many steps to follow"
Have to install many times and can’t sign in and can’t start a meeting or join. Bad app
It take and give data to other companys and can turn on cameras also not safe.
This app cuts you off after 30 minutes
We had come to a halt.  Church and Sunday School was not meeting, in person, for the near future.  My youngest son, who uses Zoom for his work, helped me set up an account and we held Sunday School this morning.  We had the largest attendance we have experienced in two + years!  Can’t wait to be together with my classmates next Sunday.
This app is Steeling my Information and selling it to Facebook! I’m sorry but I don’t trust apps or people that do that and yes I know Googles their too I’ve given my review their as well
I like it because it's super helpful.I don't get it why people don't like it they say it has bad audio it's because there is more than two two people you can avoid that by muting yourself unless you need to talk.Or if that does not work it's that something might be wrong with the internet.and the last reason is because I can take my class and not get lazy.😊❤️
Easy to use. Just set up my mom!!’
Thank you for allowing a group of seniors to get together this Sunday morning to see everyone in person.  It was encouraging to see how everyone was coping during this shut in time.
Dependable, easy to use, makes life easier!
They take data without consent
"I don’t like it...

I mean, I can understand liking it if you have an Android Device, but unless you need it for school, just use FaceTime.."
I am very thankful for this app - makes online learning and collaboration so much easier and fun. The app is easy to use and navigate.
I am running 4.6.8 on Ubuntu 19.10 and it functioned free of bugs. Was able to get it to work with usb audio drivers for both in-and-output. Top mark!
Extremely confusing to a non-techie. Have been trying to figure out for an hour to no avail.
I’m new to ZOOM. What I’ve seen I really like. Initial impressions of what I like: ease of use, quality of video, feature rich.
Hi. I’m really sorry to tell you but this app is just a waste of time . We don’t learn anything at all , my teacher and school is just using this app for their benefits . Do you think that in times like this with coronavirus you should abuse with this new generation . The world is on our hands now and I don’t think you are living it in good hands. You should come up with new things more accurate for us and more interesting to make our system more easy . Sorry but this is the truth . Have a nice day  . Just do something please let us enjoy the last days of our lives pleaseee. 🙂
No just no
Felices 24hrs!
Don’t download
Don’t know if too many people were on the same conference call but, I had to turn my screen to the wall to avoid getting “sea sick”.
Bien
Cool app works well
Great! Good quality too!
Thank you Zoom. Worked great to connect with friends and family during the shelter in place.
Sus
It steals data and its giving it to facebook.
Hi, when using on my iPad Pro, I have consistently encountered a problem where as a cohost, once I admit all participants, change a few names, and mute/unmute, I am not able to tap out of he participants pane. This is unfortunate because I am stuck only able to perform my cohost duties, but not able to swipe through participants and see everyone’s video. Please fix!! Love the app, this has saved our meeting together, but it’s a huge frustration for me as a user.
This is the best app for my family and my family really love this app it makes my phone so fast
The sound clips and cuts out and not a good experience for teaching online music lessons!!
Great app, amazing platform that is very easy to use.
ZOOM is a very helpful app when I am trying to do online school right now. ZOOM is sorta like Group FaceTime but even better. While we are in this pandemic it is hard to get help front teachers but ZOOM is one of the many apps that gives us the opportunity to communicate when needed
Wonderful way to stay in touch!
This is perfect solution for social distancing. So uplifting seeing friends and Sunday School members!
Exactly what the title says. I’d like to run a nicer microphone through the zoom application for my students.
"Used Zoom today for the first time to talk to the family all over the world.  I enjoyed the chat. The quality was ok. 
Sound had an echo as I heard my voice on my side and then again when they heard it on their side. But not a problem."
"The ap is not user friendly and could not 
 provide us with the focus we required for our book club !  Also the customer service is extremely poor and I have left a message 3 days ago and they have not returned it yet.  I first downloaded a Basic plan but found out that it only allows you 40 min so I paid for the upgrade which was in and out of itself a big process and time consuming! Then I scheduled our first meeting and I was booked on the Basic plan, by mistake , and it was a disaster.  Next Sunday I must have another meeting and I am waiting for customer service to call me  so I can return it and I am looking for a better teleconference ap."
Will not stay online, cannot connect to meeting.
"Amaizing app no problems during a 6 hr class ,video  is good ,audio good ,5 star 
Byron Navarro 
Special Coatings Texas Ink"
password security is a joke..
I tried to sign in using my school account, because I need to use it for school soon, and no matter how many times I press ‘resend another email’, I haven’t been getting an email. It’s been four days that I’ve been trying to resend it, and I can’t use zoom until I get the confirmation email. So thank you zoom, I won’t be able to attend my online class.
I don’t like that u only get 40 mins!! In these rough times this is a way to see and talk to family that is safe and that is priceless!!!!
Awesome app!
"Gracias por su buen servicio, es un buen medio para unir en este periodo difícil, gracias 😃
Pastel 
Jguzzzz"
It’s poor connection and it won’t allow you to block who isn’t apart of the room. I don’t feel safe that way! It should be for people who has the ID. Shared.
It’s difficult to connect  Never did get to join any of my meetings
Laggy, bad audio, just flat out disgusting... not funny didn’t laugh
bu programı yaradanın anasını, bacısını, dədəsini, lishniy varyoxunu sikim. götverən quru amcıq qəhbə.
It’s literally a proven fact that this app takes personal info and data without permission! They can also turn your camera on whenever even if they don't have permission
Such a time fir Zoom. Keep up the great work you’re doing.
Zoom is cancer
"It only gives you 40 minutes a meeting unless you pay money! 
I was very dissatisfied by this. It was hard to get on the first time! Otherwise it’s good."
Zoom can steal your information and can acces your camera anytime
Hope others have better experience than I did but it utterly failed.
This is a life saver in this time of social distancing. I have been able to see the beautiful faces of my friends and family live.  This is a gift.
these mf stealing our privacy
Worked great...even over a moderately slow connection
See above
Help!
Laggy bad just horrible bad audio
This is a fantastic way to connect during social distancing.
No
Terrible
In a quarantined world, when families need each other most, my nephew was born and our entire family could not be there for the Bris.  Thanks to ZOOM for keeping families together during these difficult times!
Thank you Zoom. You have allowed me to stay in visual contact with all my friends and family during this crazy virus. I just finished a church group playing games together. There are limitless ways to us this app besides business conferences and school.
"Up to now this app has been very reliable. All of its features work like they are supposed to. The only problems that would arise are from the internet connection you might have. Internet speeds are always faster to download than to upload. 
When sharing a desktop, this issue arises. Especially if you share a video. 
Some suggestions are having an agree or disagree feature for quick votes.
Maybe its available in the paid versions. Either way thank you for having a free version available."
Please enable the ability to use external speakers on Zoom. Thank you
We have a small congregation but have been able to enjoy our Sunday service at home for many folks who have a computer. Great tool in this time of “social distancing “.
Đang nghỉ học nằm ở nhà tự nhiên tại cái zoom loz này mà phải xách cái đít đi học online mệt mõi vl
Praise God for Zoom. Helping us to communicate with our family and community. We love and appreciate The entire Zoom teamh
This is the best app on my phone.  This is the best
So grateful
AWESOME
I have been able to connect even more through this Zoom app. All of our services and I am forever grateful and thankful. Continue to lift everyone up in Prayer. God keeps his promises. Also I just learned even more about connecting other ways doing shelter in place. God is good all the time. Amen.
It was very easy to use! Great audio and video. This is a great app. I recommend it.
I came for TikTok
Audio is sometimes choppy. Otherwise a good app.
"Their response - ""We take our users’ privacy extremely seriously, and we’ve taken action to address this issue”. 

Translation - we got busted being shady so we’ll correct until people forget and we’ll accidentally do it again in a future update. . 

Had this for work and deleted as soon as I read this. Will never use or trust them again.  

The discovery was made by Motherboard and confirmed by iOS security researcher Will Strafach.

Upon downloading and opening the app, Zoom connects to Facebook’s Graph API, according to Motherboard’s analysis of the app’s network activity. The Graph API is the main way developers get data in or out of Facebook […]

Zoom is not forthcoming with the data collection or the transfer of it to Facebook. Zoom’s policy says the company may collect user’s “Facebook profile information (when you use Facebook to log-in to our Products or to create an account for our Products),” but doesn’t explicitly mention anything about sending data to Facebook on Zoom users who don’t have a Facebook account at all."
It’s a great app but it takes too much energy to get into a video and it’s really hard to start a video
The only game in town right now.
Nice app
Great way of minimizing the distance between people and connecting each other. Love it.
this app is bad
Even with the volume all the way up, it’s very difficult to understand.
This is such a great communication tool. It’s easy to use and easy to explain to new users. It offers a variety of ways to access. New users are always impressed and eager to do another.
"I attend an AA meeting in Brooklyn, NY that has experienced a break-in by trolls on two successive nights. I later learned that a number of other AA meetings have been also attacked.  ZOOM has become a life-saver in the recovery of many alcoholics and drug addicts since the mass closure of meeting spaces due to the Covid-19 pandemic. It is a crushing dilemma for us to sit in an online meeting thinking a predatory fool can enter and observe and listen for a time only to begin a vile diatribe specifically aimed at people in the meeting.  It was a traumatic experience for me and I can only hope that ZOOM technicians can increase protections for our vulnerable friends. 
 Ed McLoughlin"
Just had my first zoom video call. Very nice quality and fun to see everyone.
Echo for sound when more than 4 people attended meeting. FaceTime works much better.
I absolutely hate this app. I am very passionate about hating this app. The reason I hate this app is because I have to see and communicate with my teachers and pupils I hate with a passion. DO NOT RECOMMEND!!!!!!
Thanks AA, AlAnon, and church are using zoom. I’m even sharing it with my family.
Every time I try login it says you can’t login using this method or something and my class is tmr
Fantastic App
Keeps people connected.
App allowed all 12 of us to be together after the corona virus precluded us from meeting in person. Very cool!!
Be careful this app can take and share your data with outside apps without your consent. That is not good also is Bowen going to bring up the fact that at one point they could turn of your camera whenever they wanted. Very disappointed!
Th
theres no way to add a background from a ipad air 2
Zoom worked very well with my old neighborhood, when we got together and shared with each other about our past!
The app works fine, but only nine people are visible at once.
Absolutely LOVE being able to have family zoom parties during this time of separation!  THANK YOU ZOOM!  It means the world to us!
Zoom sells your information to facebook and can access information from other tabs open on your computer and can open your camera whenever
Excelente!  Gracias zoom!
"Kudos to all of you at Zoom!  Just celebrated commemorating my father’s birthday with my extended family.  There were about 15 on the call with my 93 year old mother.  It meant so much to her to be able to see everyone today.  Your generosity at this time is much appreciated.  
I hope all of you are safe and healthy.  Zoom is now a MUST have accessory!"
This app keeps crashing and does not work
"Faith 
We’re thankful that in this difficult time of isolation and shelter in place we can continue to associate together and receive spiritual encouragement."
So grateful we could use zoom to see nephew/grandson enjoy his first birthday complete with trying his first cake and all the squishiness that goes into it!
This is amazing!
Lots of IT literature talks about the repeated selling of personal data to FaceBook and other 3rd parties and the sold person never knows why tons of unwanted things come their way because of the unscrupulousness of this company.
Connection with family and friends has been so important and I appreciate greatly the ability this provides to do it!
Enabled us to meet together for our Bible Study despite the coronavirus restrictions.
This is a great tool in times of self isolation. I can still see the people live but safely.
Bad app
Really bad app
We have been able to sustain several small groups meeting through this tool. The participant controls are very helpful.
"Zoom is a good and fun app because you can call your friends or family and see how they are doing. I think it’s better than FaceTime because you actually talk about something and you can’t do those face things and fake text’s that move with your head on the screen .On zoom you can play games together and have fun dance party’s!!! That’s why I gave zoom 5 stars! You can get this fun app and you will get to see your friends and play with them for as long as you want!!!

 you can see your friends every day!
When you go on zoom you’d can do
Any thing that you want!
Best part about this app if you are a kid 
you’re mom and dad don’t supervise
you when you are zooming.

Hope you like this as much as I do.

          Bye
                Bye"
Shame on you
no
We used zoom today! It was wonderful!!!!!
"EDIT: the latest release seemed to have fixed my issue. Five stars!!

Seems the video only works in portrait mode.  Maybe I’m just too old to figure it out. Turning my phone to landscape mode causes my visual to turn sideways for others."
"I have been connected with zoom, now for two weeks and it is always there for my groups, for our meetings of many and few participants. I appreciate the ease of using this app...
Blessings 
Charlotte"
"With world conditions as they are and trying to remain safe from viruses, ZOOM allows our “gathering together” safely while being in the comfort and security of our own homes.
ZOOM is a wonderful tool for large meetings to be held where everyone can be heard and seen."
Very pleased with the app . It's a great tool to stay connected with many people throughout the world .
It was such a blessing to meet and share with family all over the country. A way to stay connected even when shut in. Thank you
New way of communicating. Very Effective
Just F’ing Awesome
This app has been super useful during the Covid-19 pandemic. I am a special ed teacher. I’ve used it for staff/team meetings, IEP meetings, and even virtual happy hours with friends. It works great with my phone and iPad.
Saved me and everyone I know in the fellowship!
Thank you, Zoom, for providing a free way to communicate with friends and family remotely! It was easy to connect and the video and audio was decent. I definitely recommend!
just no. it’s terrible.
Good for on the go moving but needs to double check that their making sure people that sign in stay signed in
you guys are lifesavers during this health crisis w/ Covid-19.  I was telling someone that Zoom has become a verb.
Zoom is a really good app. I had a meeting with majority of my associates and I was so surprised that Zoom was able to handle everyone that joined the virtual meeting. There were over 20 people who joined the meeting. So, zoom is a really good app. No lags. No disconnections. The sound quality was okay at times but other than that, The video quality is great. No complaints from either of us. Zoom gave us the opportunity to successfully do virtual meetings with many people, without setbacks and that, is why you developers deserve more than 5 stars.
Thank u so much it’s really helping us in this difficult time
Since me and my brother can’t go to school because of what’s going on lately, my teacher has scheduled tons of zoom meetings so we could see our classmates and friends and especially our teacher! This app makes me SO~ happy! So this is the reason why this is a five star rating! Thanks!
We need more stars for the rating because you are 1000+
This zoom thing is the best!!! It have saved me this week! 🙏
DISCLOSURE: Zoom sells you info to FB and also has access to ALL open windows on your desktop as well as your laptop/phone camera. Just be aware.
This is helping keep my family connected. Love it. Wish it were just a little longer than 40 minutes. But great nonetheless
Great app! Love how we can connect with people in distance! Thank i Zoom!
As a widow alone during Shelter in Place My heart was refreshed with life to see and speak with my son and his wife. Thank you for filling my life with possibilities for the future. B
Selling data without expressed permission
Great to be able to connect with loved ones
Going to stop attending meetings on this app. Even the login process doesn’t respond appropriately.
i just like privacy :/
This was really great and easy. I couldn’t see everyone but maybe I need to play with it a bit more.
Just want to thank Zoom for making this service available for free, especially during these difficult times!! It means so much to be able to connect with family and friends.
Thank you for helping us connect to our loved ones in this time of isolation ❤️🙏🏽❤️
Improvements to Facebook Login??? Or maybe you should say “data sharing with Facebook.
App crashes on iphone xr constantly!
Terrible just no
Not good and hard
Online class
Completely creepy and unprofessional.
Actually made me want to kill myself
I hate this
Can’t shut down
I don’t know what I would do without this App since we are sheltering-in-Place for weeks! It works so well and is not too difficult for even non-tech types.
Guys I’m scared did you guys hear that
Guys did you hear that? I’m scared.. I don’t know what that was.. and it wasn’t me guy!
Zoom is horrible absolute aids don’t use it ever
Who else came from tik tok?
this is the worst app and it gives away your info without consent. no to mention it can turn your camera on at any time!
Rukk
"One of the
Good things coming of these challenging times Zoom makes connecting easy"
I would highly consider they can turn on cameras whenever they want to and steal data from apps, as Zoom is known to do that before
Do what the Chinese kids did
School waste my time
I like the app pretty good I guess but the only problem is that sometimes audio is not good or screen or something is going wrong in every meeting I go to in it. I will probably rate this at 4 stars cuz there are some mistakes but it is ok and also good to use!.!.!
Vjf
I sort of like the concept of this app in the sense that’s it’s promotes virtual classrooms and online learning among other things. They need to be design how when a person speaks on camera how they transition or be able to have video of all people at one time kind of like when you do Group FaceTime’s with one another. It’s less distracting that way. The way zoom has it set up is kind of distracting and there seems to be a lot of lag in the app. Either it’s the app or the maybe it was my professors internet connection. Because from where i was i ran an ookla speed test on my iPhone on LTE and was getting 128MBPS down and 38MBPS up. So i know there wasn’t any lag issues for me, so either the app has major issues or maybe it was just my professors internet connection. Who knows. However this app is okay, but with a little tweaking could be perfect.
Most of the other one star reviews are personal experiences and glitches, but overall it’s an amazing app and the audio is great (unless you have bad connection of course 💁‍♀️) It’s easy to understand and it’s way better than Google Meet which is more complicated. It’s soo helpful for online school since corona 😱 and I suggest GET ZOOM!
this app steals your information without consent. zoom is giving your information to facebook without including that in the privacy policy. DONT USE IT
DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS APP!!!!!!! IT IS STEALING YOUR DATA!!!!!!!!
Loving the app wish it was a little cheaper to add 2 host but I use it on several church events. It also allows me to reach clients and talk while virus having us on lock down.
zoom has been stealing my data and sharing it with Facebook and turning on my camera whenever the hell it feels like it without my consent
Super duper workout on ZOOM!!!
There are many reports saying they can use ur camera to watch u when ever they want and many more things!!👎👎
Awesome way to stay in touch! Easy to use.
Nice app
tiktok made me
Too many problems
"They share your info with fb without it being in privacy policy and hey can turn your camera on when they want without telling you. Th eh capture info off other windows you may have open on your device and share that info too. 
Aside from that, upload speed is crud. Audio and video out of sync. Hard to use In iPhone."
Let’s do it for the tik tok y’all, and for the lack private policies against us 🥰
I can’t hear the other person
Great app for meetings and presentations
Thank you to ZOOM for allowing us to all be connected during this pandemic. God bless every single one of you behind the scenes.
Having been through Apple’s FaceTime, skype and conference calls, I’m pleasantly surprised how well Zoom brings all those together with video, audio, and individual group images.  I like the fact that if you’re NOT using a smartphone, you can join a meeting without signing up to Zoom.   Just getting started, but I’ll be using this quite a bit during the Coronavirus pandemic.
I’m a student who uses this app for online school and I’ve been informed that they can steal personal information from other windows on your computer while it is active? It also shares your personal information with Facebook? Big yikes. Not to mention the fact that several of these things aren’t included in the privacy policy scares me. Uninstall.
I have used several video-conferencing platforms throughout the years. Zoom by far is the most engaging and easy to use platform.
Great app for video meetings! Excellent quality of video!
Great video conferencing across all platforms
II love how you can speak to people in different places while you’re at home . And we need an app like this due to coranvirus so cant go to visit them that much.
you can see
As a member of the recovery community, being able to participate in virtual meetings has been a gift. So very grateful this technology exists.
Really good app.would recommend to anyone.
Great
"I talk with my teacher.

            -=THE END=-"
This app helps me communicate with my teacher and people in my class when schools are shut down. It allows people to ask questions and discuss classwork.
This role playing session was phenomenal! Can’t wait until next week and the weeks after.
this works horrible, it glitches and it totally earased everything i hate so much do not use it!!! it has horrible audio and it made my entire mac book crash so i had to get a new one, this is a horrible app if i were i wouldn't try this app!!!!!😡😡😡🤯🤯🤯
During these times zOOM has given us the ability to stay in touch and see each other!! Thank you!!!
Just sign in with your meeting ID and password. Controls for audio and video are at top of screen for tablet or phone but disappear when meeting starts; tap screen to get them back and change settings.
I don’t like it cuz teachers use it for online class and I have to show my face
Just freezes . Really bad
Gay as fucj
No just no I hate it 😡😡😡😡😡🤬
XxadasS
Big oof 1 Star
This app is now sharing peoples info with facebook, and to add last year they had a issue where they could turn on people’s cameras when ever they wanted to. To add on in the article I was reading about zoom it can steal any data from any open windows on ur computer/phone. Basically it can steal your info.
This is a wonderful app.
I love being connected with my friends during this critical time of social distancing. Thank you!
sending Facebook information of their users
Apparently zoom can take information of yours and give it to Facebook and other businesses and they can open your camera whenever
Go read about the poor protection it has and how it’s selling your information to Facebook. There’s also been a incident where there could access your camera while not using the app.
Zoom has the power to look at open tabs and shares your data with Facebook. If you want to keep your privacy please DO NOT get the app! @ohitsreallynoah sent me!
I can’t hear others.they can’t hear me.do not get this app
In these times the perfect app to connect to groups of people. It has been easy to learn and runs great on phones, pads and computers.
"Zoom has been my lifeline in this 2020 Pandemic CO-VID-19 chaos! Amidst the “new normal” of social distancing, With Zoom I’ve received much needed association with family &friends. My Congregation meetings haven’t missed a beat, seeing my spiritual family, singing together & uniting in worship has allayed my fears & soothed my soul. We’re designed to be social. This impacted me so much.  As a social butterfly I love people, giving, sharing, smiling, and specially hugging!!! I’m a huge hugger!
Health Safety & love of neighbor prohibits this now; so I’m glad I got my fill prior to this pandemic!  Zoom has refreshed my spiritual soul by allowing us to connect in a safe manner; Zoom is an unsung Hero of my Congregation & thousands more worldwide!
THANK YOU - GRACIAS - MERCI
MATTHEW 5:5&6 “You’re Blessed when you’ve worked up a good appetite for God. He’s food & drink is the best meal you’ll ever eat.” To soothe your soul plz visit a FREE website, no personal info. required JW.ORG
FREE music & videos for all ages - Enjoy!!!"
I like it I just don’t like the audio. I do classes on zoom cause of th koved19
Lack of  privacy 👎
I really appreciated being able to use this service, I can’t thank you enough during such a stressful time for the entire world. Thank you so much for crating such a unique service.
I’m very appreciative to have this source of communication, specifically in these difficult times when we are conceal in our own homes. Thank you so much! Yolanda Drake
Considering the times we're in and the reality of telecommuting and connecting virtually, zoom has been a Godsend. Rarely are there connectivity issues that don’t regulate in seconds and the features are functional and fun.
Recomendada 100%
Me do school it is good zoom
Great for online classes , meetings etc.
Audio is very low, cannot handle a lot of traffic.
It keeps saying that the host has another meeting in progress and it just won’t work.
This app is ruining children’s lives
"I love Zoom! While we are at home me and my class talk on Zoom!! Zoom is very helpful
 From Addie"
^^^
Cái app này làm tui muốn đột quỵ
Is stealing my data for Facebook
Cuts out constantly
Zoom made accessing on line meetings easy. My brother who is a psychologist in Houston showed me what to do, and after I accessed Zoom, the rest was easy.
Zoom is great!!
They take are data without consent. You could get your information stolen. They creep on you. Last year they turned on the cameras when ever they wanted to. Use google meet
Virtual background should definitely be supported by all devices, I have an iPhone 6.
"Was outstanding and very easy to install and use for the first time.

Loved it!"
I am watching a joyous sight right now.  A pre K 3 year old is on the computer with her teacher and friends that she hasn’t been able to see for 2 weeks!  I can’t describe the smiles adequately. Thank you ZOOM!
Its awesome never glitches, great app!!!
Great for when we’re all home bound!
"It does everything and it is easy to use
Fantastic app!"
Zoom has been a wonderful tool for communicating during the time of quarantine.  My family has used it a number of times for Bible Study and Prayer time through church.  Thank you for making these options available for my family.
🤮
stop stealing information from users and giving it to facebook
Idk why people say “the audio is so good!!” NO ITS NOT! For some reason it glitches out or freezes or just cuts out the middle of thier talking....but the other things are great
Fast work
It’s corona time babey
It’s very useful for me
Great to see and talk to friends in this Crazy time
Good for online school
There is bad quality bad sound and has many vulnerabilities that need fixing. Just use a different app.
Zoom can turn our camera on whenever they want whether we’re using the app or not. They have also begun selling our information to Facebook. They invade our privacy and do not put it on the terms and conditions which is illegal
so yall just selling our info out like that?
bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app bad mean ugly app
sells to facebook.
I don’t have words for this technology....  the ease of its use....  the service it’s providing.  I can only say thank you........   it is saving us all.   Be well and safe.
"Garbage. 
Read their info and you’ll know what I mean 
Or look on tiktok 
@ohitsreallynoah and you’ll know also !
Be safe guys!"
Thanks to ZOOM for helping the world stay connected. It’s a wonderful tool!
👎
Could you please add Split View support for the iPad?  Thank you.
"Ai người VN tải ứng dụng này về nên xem xét kĩ các thông tin trên điện thoại, tránh bị đánh cắp nhé. Ứng dụng này đã làm điều đó với facebook của tôi.
Cẩn thận!"
"Love it ! 
Easy to use"
Zoom is great to work with, easy to set up, and utilize. If others are looking to work with a well organized and very stable platform alternative, this is your most positive and professional answer.
Has been a extremely helpful app in keeping our office and field workers in know during this Coronavirus Pandemic.
Works great for all our communications being most of our members are scattered over big geographic area.
First off it’s taking info from other apps and thing I have not allowed it to have access to, causing my phone to lag and the camera is turning on by itself HELP
Awful
Life preserver in an isolated World
If I were you guys I would uninstall this app it’s taking your personal data without your consent
This app is great. I am doing most of my meetings through this app considering the current Covid-19 situation. Worth every penny.
they sell your info to facebook and can open your camera whenever they want and they don’t disclose it in the privacy policy.delete zoom now!!!
If you do the research, you would know that zoom tracks and sells your data without consent as well as has the ability to activate your camera and record you through it
You stupid
It is very glitchy and doesn’t connect well.
Steals your data from other windows and sell us your info to Facebook.
Zoom is know to lift data from devices and browsers without you knowing/consenting. A lot of us are now pretty much forced to use it, but it makes me uncomfortable that my personal data is at such risk
Zoom has connected the world when it most needed it. Free and paid platforms! Love you guys!
This is an excellent app!
I was of the had downloaded, but next day, the spirits came and they of the said “yes delete” and I of the delete and yes
Trash
Great way to communicate virtually! From work calls, class assignments, and virtual workouts, zoom gets it done!
Ahhh corona time
Bad app
I used this for online school
Tốt
I don’t like how it cuts off the video’s
Thank you for your website and app running smoothly. I have been able to meet with my students twice a day to help them with their work.
Omg
Despite enabling gallery view and other options, no options for manipulation of meeting views actually work.
This app has no volume control and overrides my iPad and iphone’s volume settings. The volume is set to minimum but my headphones are DEAFENING. I’m being forced to use this app for work and school and I can’t stand it. DO BETTER
I’m notoriously a techno-phobia person but this has proven a great format for even my simplest of skills to take and teach classes and stay close to the people I love. Thank you
Screen share needs a little work to make it less laggy
I have my classes at the same scheduled times every couple days. I don't like having to look up the link every time I want to join the meetings. I wish the app would save the links for me in a calendar or something so I could jump into class straight from the app quickly and easily.
I no like
Don’t download at all
Maravilhoso!
.cfhuchh chi gfhyf
I really like it to talk with my class!
I love zoom because it’s an awesome way to contact your friends when you can’t see each other. I give zoom a 4 out of 5 because it can get a little glitchy, but otherwise I think it’s an awesome app
Zoom has been an outstanding platform for all types of needs. Would recommend to anyone
During this  strange time, I have been reconnected to others in the real world. Participating in Yoga classes with others in my home is the highlight of my day.  With the technology of ZOOM, I have been able to exercise my body and nourish my mind with the teachings of my Yoga leader.
I’m not very happy because I still have to do school
Constantly loses connection for online lectures
Great app
What an excellent platform. Allows me to keep my piano teaching bigoing during this crisis.  thank you !!!
We had such fun with our kids exercising. Thank zoom for making so easy for us to share moments in this difficult times.
I love Zoom because it is fast and easy and it is easy to work and easy to join and I love the Virtual back round!
Too many people using this site it crash’s
Amazing
Easy to use and haven’t had an issue. But you do need a charge and good service.
It is very gooooooooooooooood
Please change that
It
This app is wonderful! I love all the options available.  I’ve been the host and a recipient. I’m still learning, but it’s pretty easy. And I am technically challenged!! :)
This app is amazingly fantastic! Especially right now. (COVID 19 quarantine) This is a way that anybody can talk to any friend or friends that they are missing. This app works for adults and kids! All do you have to do is download this app!
Excellent remote meeting tool.  Fun and easy to use.
"8ekntubyil6oi
Sigygrhijfehejfbvkh5ietyng uyretgnui enrgtuiRbbyun9hhfehghishgfukvnJdojejfijdhifkwkhfifkkdhufwggohs rghgkrtshguoerthjloyjeriylbjhmliretehnljghjkhvjkefwhljgrthwjlghcjlhtfjoeghihvwgnlu6beuigovunrtioegunkwyieryjkhjrvkjdfiubk"
Despite my multiple attempts at signing up, I never got a confirmation email, locking me out of the service
Awesome awesome
What an awesome way to stay connected under quarantine! Thank you!!!!
Thank you it’s so great to be together online.
They also turn on your cámara on your device as well get information from any other team you have open
I wasn’t able to sign in from the link I received via email. I downloaded this App and then requested the phone number and password from the host. After you enter the phone number, the next screen that will generate is where the password is required. I felt Leary about hitting the next button from the phone number screen, because so many Apps out there, kick you out or send you to an error screen with one little misstep.  If Zoom where to add that the password will be entered on the next page, then I would give a four star rating. For me Five stars would be a perfect easy use of the App. Very few Apps out there are five stars. Users seem to give five stars without really thinking about what a review is about. It’s about the next person who is doing something that is important to them. The same goes for one star reviews. Very few Apps out there are one star. One little aspect that someone doesn’t like while using an App, shouldn’t automatically be one star.
In my opinion, this app is not very good. When I take my dance classes online, I can barely hear the music and it lags a lot. I get behind because of this. Please do something and try to fix this.
I wanna speak to your manager.
It’s scary knowing that they listen to all the Conversations people have
The video chats were awesome and I got to talk with my class about fractions. The last thing I would do is rate you low. Although you could add games to link to the video chat for a fun time. Also I found  a bug where my friend accidentally sweared in the chat. But aside the bugs  this is the best app I have.
I am so grateful to be able to use zoom while we are in quarantine. I plan on using it afterwards. It’s easy to use and works for big or small groups. Definitely the best I’ve tried.
It glitches a lot
This App helps me to see my teachers faces even at home! Great 5 stars feedback in 5 installments!
It’s great to see everyone you need to see gets the job done well helps me produce my music for my new album coming up
This app quits before it will even load or open. This has made it impossible to participate in mandatory school work. Complete waste.
First of all when I’m trying to do my very important school work it wouldn’t let my other people hear me please fix it.and it wouldn’t show my picture I’m doing it with my teacher it wouldn’t let me...
it’s horrible don’t get it
You have been
Since the coronavirus is going around we haven’t been going to school lately and my class is using zoom as a good way of communicating!
This type of format is great, nice crystal clear
I just now realized that zoom sells your personal information from all windows open on your desktop.
I enjoyed a lot from this kind of learning.
Bruh bruh bruh bruh bruh
Zoom is very helpful during this point in life for doing school.
Make it on pc  otherwise really great I don’t care what the others say
It does nothing
It does nothing
Zoom has been a lot of help at this time. Since we can’t go to school yet we are having to do Virtual classes and zoom has been a big help. Zoom is really easy and I can connect to my teachers in seconds using this.
Trash.
This has nice sound quality
this app actually works great, sometimes it is a little hard to hear the other people but that’s totally fine you just need to mute ur mic. students r trying to get all of the learning apps deleted off the app store because they don’t want to be doing online school. so stop being idiots and actually do what ur supposed to. i have to use this app for my church meeting and its very easy to understand how to work it especially with a huge youth group. 😁
I don’t want Chinese class
This app is really good for the time that we are going thru, the Coronavirus, because it lets us contact each other far away. People before our generation would probably say that it’s just like FaceTime, we’ll this app is different because it also was superlative in school work. It is just like real school, actually maybe better because people don’t have to talk over each other by using the mute button, so I definitely recommend this app to you if you are also dealing with this “Coronavirus”
It is a good app
Horrible
It’s a fun way to tAlk to your class when school is not in shape
"Love it. If only my phone would coordinate with computer. Will watch a tutorial. 
Rachel"
During this difficult time Zoom meetings have helped keep we teachers and our kids and families connected and feeling less isolated.  Truly a beautiful tool for all.  Thank you.  ❤️
I don’t like it.😒🐢
At this time of being required to ‘stay at home’ Zoom is just what is needed to allow us to stay connected to one another and to stay sane!  Thank you for everything Zoom!
This app is very laggy. We had many issues with sound and the visual meeting. I am in a class with 30 other students so it is very hard to hear.
The meeting internet is good. But the ID thing is dumb
This is such an awesome app to utilize
Great way to meet remotely with a group of people.
The app is not letting me join a call.
ZM Zoom “nurtures meaningful relationships,” to quote Brian Stoffel, during this shelter-at-home time. That is high praise.
Acabo de tener mi primera experiencia utilizando la aplicación Zoom para dar una clase. Estoy satisfecha sobre todo por la calidad del sonido.
It doesn’t lag and yeah
I could not here and I had to go through so much to get help.
This wasn’t working and I’m trying my best here as well as my best friend Jorge Alan Contla
During these precarious times of the covid pandemic, Zoom has been a lifeline. Both for my kids to connect with schoolmates, as well as my connecting with friends. Thank God for you!
Zoom is wonderful in helping me stay connected to the people in my life and for that I am thankful.
It is good for class
This app allows for me to have online meetings with my classes. It even has a retouching feature for your face. The app has all the features and more that I need in a virtual meeting app. ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
I miss my friends and I want to go back to school 😢
I use zoom for my school ant talk to my friends
It’s amazing I can see everyone and the teachers and I can talk to them
I am happy to see everybody healthy and safe
Kewser
I love zoom. zoom is good to see when your friends when you’re off of school!!!!!!!!!
Trash
Lots of selective commo tags.
I can not log in it keeps saying my token has expired. Multiple times tried.
Awesome app for meeting with a large group and simple to use.
Overall good but patients having hard time connecting audio at the other end .
0/10
Disconnect between What’s App and computer. Prefer link go directly to email, not to what’s app.
"When there are a lot of people on at a single time the audio is horrible.Even when most of us are using proper mics.
I wish I could have given zero stars"
Just bad
I refuse ✋😳
Using 2017 iPad Pro with 4.6.9 Zoom.  From Zoom site, send invitation to recipients emails also message.. NEITHER choice is received. Used iPhone to send—both email and texts are received. Doesn’t make sense...need some direction to fix.
I really enjoy zoom because in this tuff time when we can not go see our loved ones this app is a good way to see everyone.
Zoom
Zoom is the best app ever but I have no problems with it
"Quick install and easy. Have used it before only on a pc. This is my first iPad use of the product.
Worked well and is a no hassle install"
While I do enjoy using this app for school related reasons this app would be one of my favorites except the fact it always crashes. I just started using the app today and I already find myself loving it. I like the fact you can call and FaceTime in large groups and still mute yourself or anyone else (if you are the host) but I do not like the fact that I repeatedly crashes. Whenever I am on the app it works for a couple of seconds then exits me out to my home screen now you can just open it again and it works but this happens nonstop so this annoys me. Although this could have just happened because of the Covid-19 outbreak and students being on there constantly. To summarize I enjoy this app and recommend it, but just be aware that it might crash.
It's bad
I had installed Zoom. I was a little bit nervous, but when I joined my first meeting as a guest, I was amazed. Then I signed up with google to Zoom. I realized that I could make my own meetings, and still join meetings because, why not???????? 2 days after, Jayden and I joined meetings, Even someone near the bayfront! But, it had a little problem: the frame rate when sharing your screen. But, I didn’t care. The FPS was nearly about 12.9 FPS. To this day I use and love Zoom. Thank you for making this a miracle.
"Zoom is great 

Zoom room, is a different story. Can’t get any help and this application basically took over my computer. 

With now way to quit other than a “passcode” and I never received a passcode. 

You would think you would be able to help?

Helpdesk: nonresponsive 
1800: nonexistent"
I saw a tiger from afrrica on there and shdjnd
Great app - when I’ve joined interactive tai chi sessions! Fun and pretty easy...my main gripe is that it doesn’t seem to hook up to Contacts on my devices or pc...would make inviting folks actually easy instead of the bizarre screens to add contacts...
Over all zoom is a great app with tons of fun features great for class video conferencing and Business
Loved meeting with several of my friends in other states via Zoom!
👍🏼
I’ve searched for hours and can’t locate the landline dial in number.  I’m sticking with free conference call.
No I dont fw It its jus nahh bruh
非常好，幫助孩子在疫情時，仍能正常學習
It takes your information and send it to Facebook, even if you don’t have Facebook. This isn’t on the privacy policy so it’s illegal and they also were able to turn on people’s cameras when ever they wanted to. And it can also steel any data it wants to form any of the open windows on your device. What they are doing is illegal and not safe,
"Everyone in our firm loves the app. Thank you for making it so easy to use.

It is a godsend in these times. Thanks for creating it."
It’s not easy!
if only it actually worked between iphone/android on initial install…
I had to online school
Steals your info
"My job as a Sales Manager knocking on doors is already difficult. With COVID-19, I am able to still meet with clients and close deals thanks to Zoom. 

The other cool thing I’ve got going with Zoom, is having dinner with friends and family during our ‘shelter in place’. Thanks Zoom for keeping me afloat financially and emotionally by keeping me connected to the world I love!"
Does not work on my laptop. Can only get it to connect via cell phone. Can’t hear the audio the connection goes in and out. Have tried multiple times. It beeps everyone out when more than once person tries to talk. Awful awful awful
Yes
Way to complicated
App is taking our info secretly
Ok
The user experience of the entire Zoom system is horrible. The app is no worse than the rest.
Many STATE school system’s allow for educators to fall into a gray area, within the walls of there LAW BOUND, untouchable; EDU law, that’s red tape written, ethically finger print free, you mean nothing IF....CLUSTER f... School Law shields.   @me  TOY  ______ CENTURY LEARNING requirements the ability to actively monitor for walls of of technology; that si forced to be used and the for an educator to be vulnerable YESTERYEAR’S” (make yourself relevant) faux battle between their dual layered, IT & IT departments IT and Yes, they are INFORMATION & Instructional.  Can you please offer this service if possible or let them All know, that it is secure if used correctly.  They kill me acting as if, these rules are NOT in place already -  no one wants to hold them accountable for breaking online ethics but would rather make the Teacher accountable and in REALITY, the teachers is the one being monitored.  Any who.... please allow for them to remain in their comfort zones and be relevant , so teachers can easily do their job, using YOUR application.
I hate  this
This is awesome
Trash
This app is horrible it takes your information without your consent, everyone should put a bad review on here to get this app taken down, when the reviews get way too low the app is taken down. Please help get this app taken down!
This is literally my favorite app. We do online dance and school on 5th is app during this time of crisis with the corona virus.
Tried for the entire 40 minutes.  Worked great a week ago, this week terrible.
I only rated 5 five stars because I know I'm gonna do online school on here
Also they’re selling your info to Facebook.
I can talk to friend
It is helping with homeschooling during this coronavirus thats for sure
Yea!
Amazing. Thank you for being HIPPA compliant. My doctor could see my leg clearly for color, swelling, etc...saving me from having to visit the doctor office where contagious people most likely are or have been. This App is Life Saving!
We have a group of friends who; before COVID-19 would get together at noon on Monday’s.  Zoom has answered our to see each other while confined to our homes.  The only problem I have is that I/we can only get 9 people on the screen and there are 12 of us.  Although I tried to follow the instructions I found on Google, I wasn’t able to find the Setting to enable it!!!  Seems there should be an easy way!!!
This helps me connect with friends and helps me with school work so I can talk with my teachers
Never did get confirmation email another scam ????
I like that we can talk with friends and classmates.
Zoom is great it lets my kids learn during this pandemic and I just want to thank zoom
No don’t us it bad periodt
Glitchey
Welcome to the 21 century!  Meet George Jetson! Jane his wife!
I like this app except that I can only change the background on a computer and not on a phone which should be fixedd.
Really there is nothing with this app I just don’t like school
This App made working from home possible!
"User friendly... even those who are not computer savvy i.e. (Elderly) are able to grasp the fundamentals of this application. 
During a time when staying close to loved ones and friends is increasingly difficult, this app is wonderful, Timely and needed."
Did some background research and let’s just say it not good
One of the default web conference phone numbers goes to Cyprus due to a glitch in the software, leading an extra $71 phone bill charge last month. Please cancel the zoom service, work with Verizon to reverse the charge, cancel today’s Zoom bill, and cancel my account.
Much better than WebEx.
And my teacher to?????
Keeping families and friends together in a time of need
Zoom never seems to work for me. Skype and FaceTime work perfectly fine for me. But Zoom always has connection issues.
Great performance
Ever since the update it doesn’t let me log into Facebook keeps giving me an error
Perfect for work and for fun!
In the midst of this incredible terrible time for world, god bless the zoom application for allowing so many of us to stay connected.
Just participated in first Osher Zoom meeting.  Very Satisfied.
Also, great for meeting off family and friends.  Simple to use once you get the hang of it.  Value of Zoom will outlast CORONAVIRUS.
CORONA VIRUS CORONA VIRUS
Always good quality, good support, always there when needed. Great tools within meetings
What to say
It helps me so much with work and everything for class to P.E
Steals information without telling you about it and can sell information about you and share it online on Facebook
Epstein didn’t kill himself
J
This is a really bad video chat app
Terrible
It was good
"Zoom has allowed huge numbers of people to communicate together! We are all getting things done in a new time.
I acknowledge Zoom's creators for their brilliance!"
"Man I feel like Michael Scott in The Office where he has his intercom still on and he’s having a conversation with his doctor and everyone can hear him. 

Here’s how it went down... I met online with my plant taxonomy class for about 4 meetings now and the whole time I thought I was muted because when I swipe left it says: “your mic is muted, hold to speak” and so I thought I was muted. But... little known to me was that I had a hot mic and everyone in the chat could hear me and only my mic was muted for the professor (at least there was that) and a guy in my class finally decided to say something about it just now!!! And I’ll just let you imagine what I was saying to have someone FINALLY tell me they could hear me all along... Who knows what I could have said in the previous lectures, I talk to myself all the time!! And let me remind you, it said I was muted!!! It didn’t say I was only muted to the professor! Like geez man, I think I went to the restroom one time and brought this with me so I could listen to the lecture while on the toilet!

Oh well, damage done. I won’t see any of those guys again, it’s not like we’ll have a graduation commencement anymore. 

Hopefully the same story isn’t true for sharing my video or else stay tuned for an update.."
"I’m speechless but..........

The only thing is that if you put the right code and password in it told me yesterday when I was trying to get in it kept on saying over and over and over again that the host was in another meeting and the host is never late so I did not get to do the meeting and I tried it for an hour and it never ever showed to work and that’s why I say PLEASE FIX THAT!!!!!!!! THERE IS NO OTHER WAY TO EXPLAIN IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😰😰😨😨😓😓😥😥😡😡😡😡😡😰😱😨😡😥😓😨😡😱😰😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡"
I try to join my meeting with my school class then it says like it was gone so I need help
I think Zoom is a very well way of communicating with friends and family online. I only think that Zoom needs to improve on not having delays when people are talking.
😃😃😃😃just like se it 🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🤓
The only problem I find is most likely from my own WiFi, everything else is good!!
Laggy but overall good quality and peformance.
zoom helps me a lot with school because we don't have school because coronavirus
if i could give this no stars i could. we kept trying to log into the meeting and it was absolute trash and people just kept glitching out, and people kept being booted. its kinda hard to navigate, unlike google meets. you couldnt understand anyone, and there was only about 20 people there. again, absolute trash. use google meets.
Just terrible
This is a really good app for school! During coronavirus time, we still have to go to online class. It is because of this really awesome app! Nice app! I'll give u five stars, one star each time.
I take all my classes and extracurricular activities with this it’s such a good way of keeping up with your life while quarantined. Even though sometimes the system has glitches.
I have never used a video chat app before Zoom that made everyone sound like they were speaking through a rug. How is that even technologically possible in 2020?
"I want to upgrade my access but can’t get anyone to respond to me. Very frustrating. I have meetings to schedule and want to use Zoom. But I may need to look for another app unless I can get someone to contact me.
Ugh"
App is not user friendly
Great way to see friends while apart due to pandemic or being away.
No no no no
Hate this app
Hola hermanos de comunidad queremos invitar a la oración
this app is everything i despise in the world rolled up into one inconvenient place
This is horrible and teachers should NEVER use this app
It a awesome app for  big congregations
F.
The best!
"Such an awesome way to connect. Easy instruction. Great reception. Not tech savvy, but you made it easy for me to be empowered and enjoy my meeting. 
Thank you"
When’s we where on quarantine because of the Coronavirus i used this for netting’s group friend chat and it work amazing no glitches!
I’m a psychotherapist. How lucky we are to have Zoom here ..allowing us to continue to be there for those who need us in this time of crisis. Thank you guys for what you do behind the scenes!
I’m extremely thankful for this app especially during this mandated stay-at-home time. Thanks for keeping us connected!
online classes 🤮🤮
Heard a lot of bad things about it
Did you guys not know that zoom actually is stealing your info and turning in your cameras whenever they please this app is stupid
"They do a lot of shady stuff—just look at Zoom’s terrible privacy policy. It makes Facebook look good.

Do yourself a favor and protect your permissions—disable background app refresh, location, contacts, and any other permission they ask for.  And never ever install this on a desktop computer. iOS only if you must use the service.

Be warned the video and audio are not end to end encrypted. The company is lying about this in their advertising. 

The company has the potential to be good, but they exploit everyone who uses their tool. Shame on them."
"It works well enough, but shares information with Facebook - whether you have an account or not. Their privacy policy is very fuzzy on this.

31 March, 2020 edit - it appears they have removed the code that shares this information, which is great! Let’s hope they continue to  follow practices that keep our information and platforms secure!"
Great app, but after the last couple of issues, I worry about my privacy.
Not user friendly at all. Needs work! Prefer to sync with contacts.
They stopped sending data to Facebook but now I don’t know if we can ever trust them again. Who would do that in the first place at all, let alone without properly notifying their users? Shameful.
I have to get through the password and it makes it hard to go back through the AppStore also does not let my putt email or. Password in
"Not worth The time or aggravation that I have it
So bad 
Don’t even had the time to talk about
You can’t get it to a dam thing
Good luck to others 
This is a rather not say any moor
Just glad I am not paying for it"
Great technology especially during these times. I appreciate being able to connect with my Emaus sisters and brothers. Our Lord will bless you
None of us can hear each other well. The audio was very quiet
Zoom is an easy way to connect with your friends when you can’t see them in person!
Our daughter just had a Zoom party for us to see her and our granddaughter.  It was so uplifting in these lonely at-home times.  Thank you Zoom!
Thank you for making a visit with my children & grandchildren possible !
Camera quality with many is poor and there are many glitches in it :/
Thank you, Zoom, for allowing me to stay in touch with friends and family!
It was discovered that they steal your information and sell it to Facebook, which they do not tell you in the privacy policy. That is absolutely disgusting and everyone should delete it and rate it poorly!
The app is great BUT gives your information out to the world be careful do not put all your information in it. Other than that it’s OK.
My mom hates me
ℤ𝕠𝕠𝕞
Yah boi aint likin it
This app has become indispensable in the age of COVID19. Thank you!
Great video quality
Love the zoom meetings !!!
Thankfully so much. From Concepcion-Chile
They can share your info
Oop we outie
The privacy policy is a joke. Like what are they thinking because it’s really concerning. Alongside with the fact that this is the new norm for classes which is not ideal. Just an overall BAD app and company in general. Throw it in the dumpster🚮
This app literally steals my information and sell it to Facebook and other big companies without my permission
"I find Zoom a great, simple, effective product to use.
I have use other ”conference video” and is not as versatile as zoom. Love it"
The app is good, for iPad there are not all, features as for desktop. The sound quality is not very good unfortunately and music gets distorted. Otherwise it is great.
I want to be able to change my background as well.
"Such a wonderful
App during corona 
Pandemic."
Great app for keeping in touch with family and keeping up with the grandkids. Tonight we used it to bring our bible study group together with 12 families joining us.
ZOOM shares your personal data with Facebook, on top of that they had a on going vulnerability last year for MONTHS. They can also steal all your data from any of your open tabs.
This app stinks
Keep up the good work Zoom and thank you!
This has been so nice to use during the lockdown. We have missed our family so much and using Zoom allowed us all to connect. It was extremely clear in picture and sound. We are very impressed with the quality!
Created an account and can’t log in, I have to wait til other people do it to get a meeting. Garbage
I’m a grandmother very involved with my grandchildren and during these times, I’ve discovered Zoom and it has brightened my days as I keep close to them reading and sharing stories.
This app can take any data and share it anywhere. It can also share any of your tabs that are open on your phone/and device you can get it on. Its a violation of privacy.
Zoom is the perfect way to share videos of information with others in a time we are not able to share face-to-face👍
It’s glitchy and yeah
This “Zoom” Cloud Has Helped Students All over the World to Communicate with Others, Also This was Used During the Corona Outbreak Pandemic Event.
I’m used to sitting with my team or customers but with everything going on I’m glad we could easily use Zoom. Very user friendly and has some pretty cool features such as virtual backdrops and screen sharing!
That
The video quality was awesome. However and this seems to be the case with many apps, the audio is terrible. Normally the audio is fine. However if you attempt to use an earbud or something other than the phone microphone and speaker it’s totally inaudible. Also it would be great to be able to record the sessions. Fix these two minor issues and it earns a solid 5.
A great way to chat with your class, team, or even friends
It is good and smooth to use. I dont know that why I’ve got the problem with the connection recently. My teacher rated me the “bad awareness” because I cant answer her question. I cant hear sometimes and be out. Hope you repair this problem.
Works great
Very useful. It helps me so much
so bad. very laggy. very echoey too
Trash
And we can’t thank zoom enough for giving us a platform to meet.  It’s literally saving people’s lives.
No it’s stupid
The sound and picture are superb
It has been stealing information from our phones computers etc. In the terms and conditions it does not disclose that it is taking our information. Then it is able to turn on our cameras whenever it wants. It isn’t a good app and can do bad things
God bless y’all at Zoom!🙇🏻
Learned of this just a few days ago and has been a fabulous way to see family in MO, KS, TX and FL.  Will keep using and enjoying
how do you quick an annoying host out of the room? asking for a friend.
It is a great tool on every persons phone
Hate it
It’s ok loosing connectivity 😢🤸🏿‍♂️
Great
tiky toky
"Dear sirs 
I am a teacher. During this carona virus lockdown we are forced to take online classes  I find your application too good. I found that each session is only 40 minutes and only limited students can sign in. 
Please increase the session to 80 minutes and sign in capacity to 150. 
This will be a great service for the humanity and young ones 
Like me there will be many who can’t afford your expensive package 
Please help 
Thanks"
I’m done
Quality got nothing on Microsoft teams
It’s taking our data without everyone really knowing it
The amount of privacy leaks in this app is ridiculous.
WITHOUT CONSENT
This app is connected to fb and stealing your data. Ask your professor to use a different site, garbage app.
creep.
Can’t work for me🤷🏿🤷🏿🤷🏿🤷🏿🤷🏿🤷🏿
This app is sharing and stealing our data from our laptops and phones delete the app now if you don’t want you data stolen
Zoom gets out information from Facebook and can get information from any open tab you may have
comes in handy when you have a pandemic and you have to do online school ml
This app steals and sells your information, even when you’re not using it. Look it up if you don’t believe this
For tiktok ig
Shares your info to facebook without telling us and also was able to turn your cam on without your consent with a faulty patch.
Not worth the headache.
it steals info
It steals our information and shares it. I do not want my information to be known and shared and has audio problems
I ft my school and it works really well, the audio is the best part, like if you want to turn your camera off but keep talking you can hear very clearly and I like it a lot
Zoom has been stealing information without constant and giving it to Facebook this should never be tolerated and is 100% ILLEGAL!
Yep this seems about right.
I hate it because now I have to socialize >:(.
and sends it to facebook
In their terms and conditions they steal your data and sell it to companies like facebook. Even when the camera is turned off they turn it off, they maybe still turn it back on. Also (on laptop I don't know about while using it on your phone) they may steal data from other open tabs, and then, you guessed it, sell it to other companies. This was listed in a tweet of theirs and in their terms in conditions. Its disgusting when companies do this just to make some extra cash, or whatever they gain from it. Its simply wrong. So please boycott this app.
hate it
ohitsreallynoah sent me thanks for stealing our information 🥺🤭😢🤪🙄😳😤😒
Fantastic APP
I love having meetings on zoom!
this app is horrible unable to connect sometimes tried to use during quarantine horrible doesn’t have much options
Don’t install zoom and accept  their privacy policy because they invade you’re privacy,please go read their privacy policy!!!!!!
A leak after another, this company doesn’t care about your privacy. Avoid at all cost.
I get to see and talk with the people I love it can’t get better than that.
This app is stealing our info on our computers from the other open tabs and selling it to Facebook without our consent.1/5
With the social distancing right now we were able to see grand kids and go to church. It has really worked out well. I would recommend this to everyone. There is even a provision to raise your hand to answer questions during Bible study. Wonderful!
Wonderfully helpful for Al-Anon meetings.  I am so greatful.  Thank you.  Cindy T.
Everyone loves this app, do they know how their personal data is shared? Deleted.
Comforting to be able to stay in touch with friends & family. What a great tool! Thank you!
y’all wrong for that
It’s Capeesh
❤️🤤❤️❤️
I recently found multiple articles showing the invasion of privacy Zoom does. They steal information about their users and sell it to third parties, without disclosing this information to their users in the fine print when they download the app or sign up. It was also proven that Zoom can monitor any other open windows on a device when in use, and can turn on the camera whenever they want. A better alternative is Google Meeting, they have very legal practices!
Bad
Horrible
This is the worst app ever
Convenient, quick, nearly intuitive. Grateful also for the emerging wiggle room on time which is becoming clear. Good decision.
I really love it , this up is wonderful, but my only problem is my time is very short , I only have 40 minutes and I will have to restart my meeting again. , can you please me on how to upgrade it to get more for my meetings please. Thank you
Stop selling our information and stealing our information weirdos.
Data is the new oil and we are the minerals. We are just numbers to these people so they can steal and sell our info. I have to use it work and I am anxious how much data they will spy on me.
Keep turning my mic and camera on and off. It’s is ruining your privacy
For a anti not be at school or on camera this thing is hell tbh.
Another app guilty of selling information to companies like Facebook without including that important bit of information in the Terms of Service.
steals your data :(
Pleasereeeeee
If there was an option that allowed the host to get access to the participants' information, it would be a lot better. A lot of disruption can happen when troublemakers invite friends to join the chat with fake names. Kindly look into this.
This app is an utter travesty. I would much rather use Skype, half the time people cut out in the video calls, and the sound is terrible.
A lot of pretty questionable tactics behind the scenes. Just google their privacy reviews.
Quisiera optimizar mi aplicación.  Y comprar para un año de uso. ¿Como lo hago?
Zoom has been a great way of communication. I like the fact that people can either call in or video in. Sharing your screen to show someone else a presentation or to get help with someone, is awesome.  I love the fact that even though we may all be in different places, we can still come together into one place and have a normal as possible conversation while seeing and hearing everyone.  Communicating in person is better but, communicating through zoom on a shut down, is best. It’s great!
Love this app just wish I could hear better? Any suggestions for muting people ? But adding music!
They want to steal your information they just taking advantage
"I can't shut Zoom
Off at the end of the meeting"
This app is so cool. My child is so so so excited when i tell her we hav a zoom class. I think I might want to talk some adult classes.😂
It keeps throwing me out of the app. I’m going to get in trouble with my school admin and lots of others if y’all don’t fix it.
This app doesn’t even work, only malfunctions and is not the right way to go for these subjects
"Small business is a small size medium small size size small size large small small size large medium sizes medium small small medium size small small medium sizes medium size large 

To zoom"
if ur using zoom, it can steal your info and sell them to Facebook and other companies. They can also turn on your camera whenever they want.
can turn on your camera whenever it wants, can steal info from any open tab, shares all your info with facebook, does anyone else see a problem? because i do!
Has been a God-send during this trying time.  Thank you for the program and how important it is for us today.
Although you don’t have a choice but to use this app, they sell your information and have privacy/security issues including a hacking scandal where your camera could be turned on by someone else. The more you know
Zoom is one of the perfect app for meetings and important calls
A+ for Zoom to help connect me with my students.  Pretty easy to use and has been my life-line to school, parents and KIDS!
I can’t explain how bad this is for working remove it from the AppStore now
I’ve used Xoom before, but never as much as we are using it now.  It’s a great tool to have staff meetings and worship services.  The video is pretty clear, though can be a little delayed or not sharp at times and the audio is pretty good excepts for when trying to perform music without a microphone, mixer and interface.
Avery ❤️💕👰🏻love mommy
Zoom is pretty 😎 cool! It lets you basically talk to each other easier.
This is really nice and it helps me connect to other people seeing them.
Changed my life and helped us all so much during this time of the COVID-19 outbreak in every way; for work meetings, study sessions and giving us all the simple ability to feel much less isolated by being in contact with our remote family, friends and colleagues
They can see us when ever they want by turning on the cameras any time
it is bad and steals data
Great
Slow bad quality
A major joy has been a regular weekly breakfast with my group of mostly Sunday School friends which began years ago. We are now in the most vulnerable age group.  Zoom has meant that we can still “meet” & get to see & hear— and not be isolated (i. e. lonely).  We love it!  Thank you, Zoom!
"A lifesaver during this difficult time!
Thank you so very much 🙏🏼"
Zoom has had times in the past where they have been able to take information, not ok
Excellent app for conferences. Not a fan of the time limit w/out licensing, but the video quality is excellent.
Love zoom. It helps me stay connected with my group.
Next best thing to seeing someone face to face!
Great app sooo helpful and convenient, fun to use with friends and good for work.  Overall amazing
They can and may steal your data.
So you have been sharing our info with facebook and you are turning on our camera when ever you want. And also, you have been going threw other windows and stealing data without consent.
The voice quality is awesome and I love the interaction.
It was very bad camera quality and I did not like how the settings were set up terrible would not advise using😡
By far the best app ever created hands down! Thank you.
Its great talking to more then 1 person like FaceTime
I hate this app, I have already i downloaded it. I will not be using this app in the future. I heard some things about privacy concerns &amp; I just dont feel comfortable.
This app sells our personal information to Facebook and I would prefer my information not be stolen
This is only used for corona virus , because it’s corona time in school
Most stable and reliable platform for video conferencing multiple people.
Wow! Now I still have a education even with COVD-19
The app allows student to be on a practical FaceTime with their teacher(s) and classmates. The app has no ads but your teacher/host of meeting has to tell you the meeting code and password to enter. It’s a great app nonetheless.
"Greatest thing to connect with friends. 
Clarity and voices were great!!!
Thank you ZOOM!!!!"
First time on zoom! Easy and fun;-)
During this time of uncertainty and isolation Zoom has become a lifeline for our family. We’re able to keep in touch, check up on each other and cheer up each other. We tried other apps, but Zoom is by far the best! Thank you Zoom. We look forward to continued Zoom family gatherings long after the virus war ends.
The best app ever
The session kept breaking out
It is great but the chat is annoying
This is amazing when I was in a meeting than it was amazing this is the best app without it I couldn’t have been able to see my task for school this app is really good!
Every kid! Give this app only one star. If we get enough, then apple will take it off, so that we don’t have to do school meetings on quarantine !!!!!  😂🤣😁😆😄😃😀
A complete waste of time that has terrible audio and visuals.
I Love zoom. Very helpful
it’s dumb
its good but its kinda weird becouse my phone cannot virtual background can you fix it pls?
I have NEVER seen a free app as good as this. It has professional quality video, audio, and sharing capability. Out church is using this for small group meetings and bible study. Truly wonderful!
It’s like you are on FaceTime but with teachers and classmates to soooooooooooooooocooooooooool❤️🧡💛💚💙💜🖤🤍🤎❣️💕💞💓💗💖💘💝💟☮️✝️
Awesome
"Zoom works great on my computer, but poorly on my phone. 

On my phone, I sign in, but when I click to join or host a meeting I am returned to the sign in page."
It was so much fun I love it so much thank you for the good app
Love it- highly recommend using this AP
Stealing our data
i was sent here by tiktok and i needed to say THEY ARE STEALING YOUR INFORMATION AND TURNING ON CAMERAS WHENEVER THEY CHOOSE DO NOT USE THIS APP EVEN IN QUARANTINE!!!!!!!! TELL YOUR PROFESSORS THAT YOU DO NOT CHOOSE TO USE ZOOM FOR YOUR OWN PRIVACY REASONS AND DO NOT USE IT.
During the social distancing it helps keep in touch with people and with teachers best thing to have right now!😊
steals data💀
it can look into your webcam and it steals your data and sells it to facebook! Bad bad bad bad bad
I so love this app! During this CoronaVirus pandemic, I was able to still train my clients
They just steal your information and can look in your camera when ever they want
This app is super awesome! Since corona virus took over the world this app has saved my life! Dance lessons for my daughter, guitar lessons for my son, baby announcements with my sister, CrossFit class with my friends, zoom with teachers from school.  Seriously this has been so cool that we can do this.
Thank you Zoom, just finished meditating with my sangha.
I had to use this for school and it took me 3 hours to set up because it was buggy. I even missed three classes for that day and got marked down for that. I now have a B in two of those classes and a D in the other then half way through the day the camera stopped working on this app so I missed attendance for 7th hour. So I think that this app should get taken off the App Store because we deserve better than this for school.
It is a amazing app. I used it for dance and it is awesome though it is a little glitchy.
I had this to video chat with my class and saw on google that it’s known to take private information.😠😡😠
I cannot say enough great things about Zoom.  Awesome program.  Easy to use. Powerful.
DONT USE!!! can turn on camera without you doing it, shares your info with Facebook, and then can take info from your open windows!!!
Screw you guys
Steals ur data
What??? 7 times I get a message that an email will be sent to verify email address. It never comes!
Lo mejor!!!!!!
As a teacher, you have been a BLESSING!   It’s easy for families and kids to connect with us and have the learning continue!  Thanks so very much.
If you had captioning for the hard of hearing, then this would be outstanding
Zooming is fun
Kept glitching
This is very illegal and will be deleting this app from my phone and NEVER using it again. Even if its some “rumor” i dont want my info to be stolen.
Good app
Do do so much stuff without our permission and I’m not here for that like there are other apps like this one so we can still do online school anyway it does so many sketchy things they do that we don’t know about
Iiiiiiiiiitttttttttt wwwwwwwwwaaaaaaaaaaasssssssss ttttttttttteeeeerrrrrriiiiiibbbbbbblllllllleeeee!!!!!!!!!!,!,!,!,,!,,!,!,!!,,,,,
I have used app for video calls with family, friends and fellow quarantiners. It is pretty easy and free for calls under 40 minutes.
Zoom extended our meeting just when we needed it most.  Feeling grateful for the company’s willingness to offer support to small businesses who are up against trying times.  Thanks, Zoom!
At a time when you have the opportunity to define your brand and product as helpful and valuable for the community, you are taking away an important feature? Virtual Background, why? I hope this is not a way to add this to a more premium tier and make people pay during this crisis. I hope you are not doing that. It will not look good for Zoom
SO AMAZING
Easy to use.  I joined from an invite and we had no technical difficulties.
Zoom is so much fun
hurts learning
I love the idea of zoom for school, but for some reason, I can’t get all the options to appear at the top, especially the one where I can see all the people.
tik tok made me do it
This app is not good 🗑 🧻
It gives me a chance to communicate with my teachers and church family, and for me it works great
"Zoom is an awesome app to chat on💭.

                                                                   Morgan Hazelwood"
It’s ok.
This app is awesome because I can chat with my friends when ever I want. And you can make someone else host if you don’t want to be host. But the part that I really like is that if you are host you can mute everyone and turn their video off! And you can have a virtual background, you can volunteer to be host, and if the host mutes you, you can unmute yourself. You can also write a message to everyone. And my personal favorite part is that you can see as many people as you want. You can also turn audio on and off when ever you want. But one thing is that sometimes people’s screens freeze or you can’t hear them very well or there voice stutters. Another one of my favorites is that you can change your zoom name. But one thing that confuses me is that the app is called zoom. Why is the app called zoom if the app is for video chatting. Anyways, those two issues certainly don’t stop me from giving this app a 5 ⭐️review. And all because of this app I can chat with my friends every day. So I definitely recommend getting this app!⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
^^^^
terrible!! it steals your information people, stay safe & rate this a 1 star :(
We used it this morning and all went well.
I feel like I’m zooming through outer space
When my teacher was talking it sounded Iike she said the n word and she is white and i am black
This is a great alternative to FaceTime. Not as intuitive but it works on multiple platforms. Occasional frame freeze but not horrible and by the way, it’s free. I recommend.
Awesome tool for meetings! Amazing!
I had to connect with my teachers and it didn’t work at all. Kept lagging and crashing, I checked my WiFi but it wasn’t that.
Thank you for giving me an opportunity to visit with my children and grandchildren 🙏❤️have not seen them in 3 weeks ❤️🙏God bless you🙏❤️thank you thank you thank you 🙏 🥰
This works sooooo well
Thank you well done ! Conducive for SANITY
My child is attending all her usual classes via ZOOM!
As a new zoom user, I am very impressed.  Have participated in exercise classes which gives face to face contact with friends during this corona virus crisis.  Also plan on attending family dinners via zoom.
Tiktok
I’m in college and a class was hacked into showing PORNOGRAPHY!! This app needs to either be more secured or shut down. This app is sad that you can’t make it secured enough for privacy reasons!
The 1st time I used this it took my friends and I about 10 minutes trying to figure why it wouldn’t connect, but the 2nd time was just awful. Every time I opened the app to put in the meeting pin it would take me to a screen the just says ‘waiting’ I waited for 5 minutes just for it to tell me I was offline when in fact I had all 4 bars
This app is very good and easy to use but it gets very laggy and tends to kick me out.
Great app and very easy to use
This app is terrible!!!
This app is possibly the worst I have reviewed. This is supposed to be a break from school and now my teachers are making me see their face. No.
This app could give your information to Facebook and last month they could turn on your camera whenever they felt like it so who knows what else they are doing without you knowing.
Would be better if they made the time shorter so I have less school
it takes your data from your device and shares it with facebook
This invading people’s privacy and is the worst
I am using this daily for class.i would like to be able to monitor all of the breakout rooms by listening. Or be in all at once. I would also like zoom to have a game feature that we could use in breakout rooms to play in teams.
"There are a few flaws like if you are a teacher if everyone is talking there is a loud echo but if everyone is mute the host or speaker is a robot voice kinda
 But it is helpful and free and it is not something that says it is free and pops up you need to pay 
And u do not have to pay for minutes or hours you are on

Thank you for reading and keep up the great work :)"
Now I can talk to my friends
It said the mic was muted however it wasn’t so I got embarrassed on the spot.
It is stupid because you have to do all this stupid stuff instead of just putting your name and last name
Steals your data
I have to do a lot of class get-togethers for school. Zoom is amazing for that.
How is the security being handles with the news of hackers hacking into meetings
It is some times fun too zoom meeting also your teacher can help if you have questions about anything .
They can turn on cameras whenever they like. For example you could be scratching your nose and the camera would randomly turn on. They can also steal your data from other websites if open. Please, I don’t recommend this app.
User-friendly, reliable, great to be able to connect with others during Quarantine!
A fantastic tool to meet w friends especially now. But instructions should improve.
Racial cyber attacks are unacceptable, it should be resolved immediately.
I love zoom it is a good chat app.I talked to my teacher and my friends in the car and it worked very well. I love zoom and I sill use it for any other group chat I need to do
Great. High quality video and audio.
Sold my data to Facebook and randomly turn on my camera
I don’t like the auto because it vibrates and it is also choppy I would like zoom to fix this.
I can’t even speak.. this app is OMG amazing,super,awesome!! I can’t even describe it!!!!!!! Thx so much for the creators of this IMPECCABLE app!!!!!! I LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Some children took over our meeting used vulgar language and drew obscene pictures on screen.
Zoom Meeting
It good
Whoever made this app should go rot in hell
This is my favorite app ever cause you can have so much fun with it!
no
I personally use the version for macOS but this also works great for having to do online classes for school! G8 m8 I r8 8/8
Great way to get connected with my team while we can’t go to the office!
"Zoom is a wonderful way for our team of almost 100 independent small businesses to connect, collaborate, and support each other during this horrible loss! The platform is simple to use and very user friendly!
Thank you for the possibility!"
I would be so lost during this pandemic without Zoom!  Thank you thank you thank you for this so important and vital service during these challenging times. Thanks for helping us abide by social distancing and being quarantined.
I was in a meting one person decided to kick me out and now I am permanently banned from that meting
this app had a vulnerability last year for months where they could just open your camera whenever they wanted. they also steal your info from any open windows on your device.
Ew
Zoom has been  heaven-sent during this whole Corona thing. Works great for business but has also been a TREMENDOUS help for our local 12-step and recovery meetings where I live. It’s literally helping people stay sober and therefore alive. Thank you!
Thank you for this media platform during the COVID-19 health concern. You’ve enabled so many to retain employment and be productive.
Help Apple cell phones receive “ controls’ so that we don’t have to jump on a computer please
하는 생각을 했다 볼티모어 지역지 피츠버그 감독은 지난 해에 이어 그는 이어 대회 이후 처음으로 우승 감격을 누렸다 있다 이렇게 보고 있는
If you took in the terms and conditions, it says it can take any data it wants
The live background is not accessible on mobile= complete garbage
Obviously many people are using this now to communicate and keep up with family/friends/work during social distancing. I’m a tutor and my work load is heavier now that schools are closed and some high schools in my area are not doing zoom calls with students. This is perfect because it provides easy screen sharing and a white board all members of the meeting can interact with. Love this app (for computer AND phone)!!
"I have a iPhone 6 so I can’t do group FaceTimes but with this, It’s sooo easy!

🥰😍"
This app is used for FaceTime for  Meetings but now people are saying that they can give away your information they where sharing it with Facebook and also they where turning on the camera whenever they wanted and it’s incredibly hard to get into I had it and I couldn’t even join or start a meeting
I like the Zoom app, however, the buffering is oftentimes slow. This sometimes causes me to miss a very important part of the discussion.
Zoom is a amazing way to have kids meetings and it is so much fun!!
GET THIS APP DELETED BY GIVING IT ONE STARS
"Thank you I had class on zoom because of covid 19 and it’s pretty good it’s sometimes glitching and scratching but not all the time. Thank you. 

Anonymous"
Honestly, I’d be better off just using FaceTime to do my online classes. Videos are horrifically grainy and audio is heavily delayed. The connection absolutely blows and audio cuts out and glitches all the time. I can barely understand what my teachers and peers are saying when they speak. The video is so pixelated, delayed, and glitchy that I cannot even make out my teacher’s glasses on his face; much less the lecture notes. I’ve had better, more fluid connections using club penguin chat servers back in ‘07. Save your money—you would be better off meeting up on goddamn Roblox.
THIS APP CAN STEAL ANY DATA IT WANTS FROM YOU INCLUDING IN DIFFERENT TABS YOU HAVE OPEN SO I SUPPOAE IF YOU HAVE YOUR PAYPAL OR INSTAGRAM OPEN THEN IT CAN GET YOUR LOGIN FOR THEM. ALSO TO POINT OUT IT HAD A BREACH THAT LASTED MONTHS.
They are taking our info and not telling you. PRIVACY WHOOOO
"Zoom is secretly stealing our data and sharing it without consent! 
Be aware!"
"i am a parent of 3. this gave my oldest a panic attack. I am not okay with this app especially because other students can click on students’ faces and i can’t control that which is ridiculous. This app should be banned! this is unacceptable and i will not like my children to be on this app! Not in this household! the app also glitches A LOT and trust me it’s not our wifi! uhh yeah can I speak to your manager because this mom is bombed with negative expressions. AND don’t get me started on the backgrounds! the students can screenshot their faces, put it as the background, and just leave the chat! they can also put on inappropriate backgrounds which is not okay because i’ve seen people do it on the tic tak app of theirs! they can be on their phone whenever they like and this NOT OKAY! one last thing before i go! my children have adhd and need to take time on their classes, especially with the corona virus going around. but with the zoom app, she can’t take her time because she is forced to be on there! i am disgusted with this app because my kids bully was clicking on her face, putting filters on her face, and posting it to the chatsnap! PERIDOT! i am done with this!
 
sincerely, karen"
Zoom is
It’s awesome except it’s a little laggy sometimes
So basically it takes your stuff from your windows open without consent
#1 School Help App#
👍🏼
Very complicated hate it
Very useful tool!
Bad
I  can't imagine going through this self-isolation without Zoom mettle both business and personal.
So glad to have this app in this time of social distancing. It is nice to see others we are used to being with.
Can’t connect.  Zoom says it is sending an email because they won’t accept my password and it has been 10 minutes and no email.  Too complicated getting in on my meeting
Are using our data without our permission
ZOOM is great way to get together with your friends and work it is simple to learn how to use it. Right now during coronavirus people are using it every were it is so cool.
Great for online learning but i dont want facebook knowing my stuff thanks!
"I just found out that their sharing all of your personal information with Facebook; and I don’t think anyone would be happy to hear that I the fact that many children are now using zoom. Instagram is and Facebook are the same company  and many children may have most likely; instagram. Sharing all of their information witch is usually disclosed with this company where we don’t know if they will use that information and supply it to the government for advantages over anyone. Meaning it’s a real issue that we have to be careful with and should be concerned and 
considerate about it."
steals ur info and sells it to facebook.
This app is great because it allows many people to be in different locations but join a meeting and be on the same screen and able to interact with everyone in the meeting.
Steaks information unwillingly.
Worst customer service ever and I don’t think I have ever been a fan for this
What a wonderful tool for the world to stay connected in our Lockdown world! It certainly has helped many stay connected to loved ones without endangering each other! Thank you for sharing!
ZOOM WILL STEAL YOUR INFORMATION WITHOUT YOU KNOWING AND SELL IT TO THIRD PARTIES.  THEY UPLOAD TO FACEBOOK WITHOUT YOU KNOWING AND THEY TURN ON YOUR CAMERA WITHOUT YOUR CONSENT.
Easy and helpful
"Sells info to Facebook, turns on camera randomly 
..."
It’s steals your data information, can turn on your camera whenever it likes. This app isn’t safe and is not recommended. If you don’t believe me, google their privacy reviews.
I saw somewhere that zoom is sharing stuff with Facebook and that it can turn out camera whenever they feel like it and that they can scan any open windows we have
This has made all the difference in me being able to be with my kids each day. I do also have a chat open all day but them being able to SEE me and each other has been so important for their piece of minds. THANK YOU A MILLION TIMES OVER!!!
The app is bad my phone was hacked using this app
Very clear and user friendly
IT SAYS I NEED A PASSWORD TO JOIN THE MEETING BUT MY PASSWORD DOSENT WORK?!?!
This app is amazing it helps me my classmates and my teachers all communicate 👍
Thank goodness for Zoom, it has helped those of us who network to do so during the Covid19, makes us feel a little bit normal!  My job at Steve Landers Toyota NWA is to network so this has also been job security for me at this crucial time!  Thank you Zoom!
This app can take any data you have open while screen sharing, and is putting it on Facebook without your consent! Don’t get it!
Such a great way to stay connected especially during difficult social distancing times!!!
This is not cool I’m not trying to do online school
This is not good
Try having an open meeting with others, I’ll wait. If the host so chooses to delete you from the meeting ZOOM then decides to require passwords for every other link you try. So I blow my anonymity in here. I didn’t use live picture but a background.
Zoom is a very good app, I enjoy being on it a lot. The features of the app is very clear and you can hear well and see clearly of the other person in the screen. To me it’s like FaceTime but the difference is you have options to show your face or not. If you use this app for your storage you won’t regret it. ❤️💖
Zoom is wonderful,  still learning about it but recommend it to keep in visual/audio touch with family and friends!
I love talking to you everyday! This is such a amazing way to communicate 😁
I loved it at first but turns out that they can steal your data from any tabs open and they are stealing Facebook information
no it’s just horrible i hate this app it takes ur information
It does not work properly it crashes
Great!!!
Compared to Skype and FaceTime this is very counterintuitive. I suspect it’s designed for institutional use and thus it’s so awkward for individual users.
"It’s so wonderful to have Zoom meetings. It’s been invaluable to me!
I’ve been able to talk to my friends and we’re all loving a space where we can express our thoughts and feelings during this difficult time.
Thanks so much for giving me and my friends this chance for us to come together."
It’s a good app but I can’t join sometimes because I am late although it’s still going on. The audio could be better as well
Freezes every time I open a meeting
"Hello fellow zoomers! This app is very helpful for me because I was able to stay in touch with my classmates, and soccer conference calls are always so easy to get on to. I really appreciate your kindnesses. We are all going through this time together!

                  (I’m a 10 year old girl)"
I love zoom it works so wonderful for home school too if a student needs help they can reach a teacher and even for work because every one is working from home, great job!!!! ♥️🥰😘😍😍
It’s really amazing and handy. I can stay touch with all my friends. I can talk to my parents when there gone. I can do classes from home, it’s a real life savor.
This app steals your information and shares it to facebook.
Love it!!!
From the very beginning this App has been extremely difficult to understand and operate. I have yet be able to set up a meeting.
Despite the fact that they’ve become an “overnight success”, Zoom, which was already a great platform has really kept up with the incredible worldwide demand. A great platform made even better by their people. Much to be proud of!
Just finished a meeting with co-workers. I could hear & see everyone. Thank you.
My kid this is better although we have a few çrobloms we still got the hang of it
OMG this app works so well. With this whole Coronavirus thing it helps me stay connected with my friends and family. So I STRONGLY recommend this for anyone with the Wi-Fi you need to be on this app. THANK YOU SO MUCH to the guy (or girl) who made this.
Technology what can I say it’s a wonderful thing to have.! To see love ones & co- workers at this very strange time in History. Seeing & having group chats is a blessing. Thank you Zoom
It steels your info, that is not ok.
Very confusing app
do not get this app. they will steal information from your laptop. look it up
Thank you for enabling and  being part of this wonderful experience!
Zoom has completely transformed our productivity and collaboration!
Sent us
I like the application it works in this times that we needed to learn.
I just wanted to thank you so much for this app! Zoom is such an easy and user friendly app to use! During their COVID-19 pandemic it makes it so easy to learn and connect with friends! This app is super easy to use and takes no effort to set up! Thank you :)
I love using zoom. It is really helpful in this pandemic. This app is also helpful for doing my online classes! All i suggest is using a contact for being able to zoom your friends without trouble! Besides that zoom is very useful! Especially in a time like this!
I’ve not been using zoom at all before Corona, so now that half the world is on it, it’s a little scratchy. Also, there should totally be a separate branch of zoom for school type classes or courses.
this app has the ability to access your camera whenever it wants, no matter what (without your permission)
No likey
Audio feature doesn’t work on iPhone and no customer support to help....
"Does not work if you attend more than
One meeting . I can’t get into any other meetings"
take it down pro favor
Easy to use and sooo many of us are benefiting from this app during this epic and unprecedented time in our world.  Zoom to Connect and Keep Hope Alive!
Hate it. There’s no better way of putting it.
gives no privacy
This app steals your data and has privacy issues
this is happening because they are now run by Facebook and Facebook can take any data from this app if they want. They can sell it, delete it, and just take it from you! This is not good and very much an invasion of mine and your privacy
I use it for online school! It is awesome!
The music get lost, and members can’t hear it. Can’t teach Zumba class. Very disappointed!
I’m new s social virtual stuff, and as an “elderly” person, I will have to say it’s been relatively easy with zoom...thank you so much for this platform!
Chat is great esp for loud meetings
It was so nice to see all my friends and teachers
Zoom was an amazing app for me and my classmates to use, however now we cannot use it for school; this is because of the meetings being open for everyone to join. Random people would join different meetings and say inappropriate things with the chat. Feature. I suggest that this app should make classrooms specifically for schools to use, especially in these uncertain times.
I like zoom everything is good but the kids can’t share in the breaking room and lots of people keeps breaking up and that’s all good app!!!!!
Ok
if I could rate it 0 stars I would, it’s not for me.
Not as clear as FaceTime. I had audio and microphone on, but the Host had to call me and use phone audio while we zoomed because we could see, but not hear each other.  So, zoom plus phone call worked.
"Awesome

Poop"
This app shares your data! DO NOT DOWNLOAD!
Many features that can be improved or added.  Sync to calendars not great.  From the app - no ability to set a meeting that recurs on weekdays only or on certain weekdays.  Recurring meetings show up at the bottom of the app screen, not on the daily calendar.  To name a few of the items to be improved.
"I am grateful that this service is free to schools. It is helping us see each other as a faculty and stay connected. 

My frustration is that the connectivity is not always good. Some colleagues freeze or the audio and video start to break up. This is probably due to the fact that there are so many people on Zoom at any given time. Is that the case?

With that being said, I am glad to have this tool at my disposal while schools are out of session. Thank you for providing it as a free service to schools."
Video quality is clear
this app is useless
This app is useless , it used to work than one day as I go in the app I automatically join a meeting and nothing works
Thanks for keeping us connected!!!
Not bad
I use this app as a face cam for screen recorded videos on my phone. Not it’s intended use but it works
This is very helpful, and has very cool things. I met up with my class today. Helps people to see people who they have not seen in a long time. I was having a little trouble with the green screen .
Best school app of 2020 🔥
I noticed the sound breaks up sometimes. But it could be because of my device. Otherwise meeting went smoothly.
I think Zoom is great because it has so many extra and useful buttons including screen sharing, chatting, and mute.  The only thing I wish was better is that there is a slight delay in the volume and picture in other participants sometimes.
"One of the best ways for meetings with friends, family, and even your school! You can chat to a specific person, or just everyone. A teacher 👩🏻‍🏫 can mute all participants, and block the chat if there’s something important to tell the class. You better get it, or else you’ll be sorry! 

...................I know this sounds like an add, but it’s true!

           Reem Alshawan 👩🏻"
"Thanks to Zoom that we could connect some of our Seniors
while we are locked in our respective home."
It makes you feel less isolated in these Coronavirus times.
Nice to see family and friends while we try to control the spread of COVID-19 by staying home and social distancing.
By Corona shutting down everything it’s good being able to keep in touch with co workers doing daily meetings and be able to do my one try love which is exercise through my instructor it’s been blessing to have Zoom.
App
I love his app!  It has allowed me to stay connected with my kindergarten classroom.  It has been pretty easy to set up.  I always use a password and haven’t had any problems with uninvited guest.
Zoom is really helpful way to connect with others, and to have online classes.
Take it down,take it down
OwO anime
I does not kick you out of a metting
It's an invasion of privacy
The 40 min limit during the pandemic for everyday (not business) users is sad. Also sharing our info with Facebook without permission is WRONG.
Helped with dance and school
Hey
Good service
steals personal data without consent
Using my data without consent
Apparently it can steal our info. I’m not down with that. Yes education in this time is important but I don’t feel like being spied on
They sell all your info to Facebook and has the ability to turn on your camera without you noticing.
Thank you for your easy to use and stable platform. My 94 year old dad and 84 year old mom are “with” me everyday thanks to zoom.
This app is a big no for me.
Great
I was told you share our information with Facebook and I honestly don’t like it :(
Zoom has a chronic history of totally disregarding the user’s security and privacy. This company should not be trusted under any circumstances. They’re very clearly bad actors.
Data stealer >:(
Nope no thank you
So 💕😍amazing.
The use of Zoom during these difficult times has been an excellent way to reach my students!!
:)
I heard LOTS of bad things abt zoom and I’m stunned!
This isn't too bad. For the most part, it gets the job done. I worry though about the screensharing feature as a VoiceOver user since that's inaccesible and there really might not be a way to implement that for our use. Other than that though, it's a simple enough interface on VoiceOver and works well.
I am super thankful for zoom because I can see my teachers and friends and do schoolwork even if I am at home due to the COVID-19
Cuando trato de ingresar a mi cuenta, siempre me saca con el error 403
Fast, easy!!
zoom sends all data to facebook, can steel information from any open tab on your computer, and in that past could watch you through the webcam whenever they wanted.... stay safe!!
The video and audio feeds are not too bad. It’s hard to teach music with this app, but it works about as well as can be expected. Sooner or later someone will figure out how to cure the latency issues. Until then this is as good as Skype or FaceTime.
I didn’t  get the code number that’s supposed to be sent to my gmail
Zoom is a spectacular feature for iPads and Apple devices one thing you could improve is having it so multiple people can share their screen at once and if they go out of the app the camera can still see them and so can everyone else...
this is the slowest thing i have ever used. i’m using it for online schooling and the quality is so bad. not to mention that it’s so confusing to log into a meeting. it has different aspects and skills based on what device you’re using. i am only for google hangouts
Need help
Having difficulty trying to sign in after account has been set up.  Not a lot of help anywhere to ask questions.  Hope this improves!
it’s honestly such a hassle trying to get people on this for our meetings. it’s annoying as well and alway disconnects my students
It helps me log into my class when I need to so I can be there to participate on camera and still learn at home
don’t take my data from my open tabs
I ain’t tryna do no schoolwork bruh
No
Steals your data
i use this for online school during corona
It was really good but some thing were bad about it, like sometimes it could be kind of glitchy and you can’t really hear  stuff that a person is sharing if they share there screens.
This app is awful not only does it take ages to turn on but it is a horrible way to have meetings on. I can’t even see all my students when I do it and also it keeps glitching and glitching. Sorry but I hate this app and hopefully it gets shut down so that no one has to deal with the problems I’m dealing with. HORIBLE!
"bad quality video
bad quality sound
lags a lot
frequently cuts off sounds"
Huh?
"This is a wonderful technology!

I am really learning it!

Wayne/"
I get knock out of the meetings and have to log in under a different device
Zoom is pretty good, but I have to point out that it’s very laggy when the teacher is talking.
APPS.
Sometimes I am doing Zoom with my teachers day I can’t here her so I haft to leav and come back so this wast my time
"Had multiple class calls and people hacked into the private class and started using not good language like the N word ect
And the screenshared adult video in both of my high school classes"
Stealing info from any tabs you have up on your computer and shares it with Facebook whether you have a Facebook account or not
It is horrible
Great app for meetings
I got introduced to zoom when I left school from this virus going on and this is the way I have meeting with my teacher and classmates I also love how it lets you pick if you wanna join with video or audio and I think it’s great because what if I don’t want to show myself I’m a audio thanks to zoom I can communicate with my friends and teachers I also use this app to play my piano  and my piano teacher hearing me play this  app is awesome.😁
This app is good overall, but on the iPad version you cannot have anything else open! This means that once you are on a zoom call, if you open another app or split the screen between two apps, the video will cut out. As a student, I cannot view a document or webpage that the rest of the class can view, unless I’m okay with no video. Please update the iPad version!! Otherwise, the app is pretty good.
THEY SHARE YOUR DATA WITH FACEBOOK!!!!!!
bad quality not good and laggy
Delete this bad app
I need to change from Basic to the next levels, how to do that?
I saw on TikTok that this app takes our information so I checked it out and it’s true
Nonononononlno onononnonononononoon
Garbage
Zoom is a perfect app for meetings.
Zoom gives out your info illegally
I love this app you can stay connected during  quarantine but it won’t let me do virtual background on my iPhone 7 I don’t know if that’s because my device or not but I would like it if I could do that!
It made us have school during quarantine
This app should be part of our lives all day and night! Living in these last days. I’ve drawn closer to my family and friends. Will always share this with others.
There’s an article about how zoom is stealing people’s information and doing other sketchy stuff like accessing your Facebook etc and they don’t put any of it in their privacy policy
"This is a terrible app do not use terrible audio
Plus zoom equals more work"
It steals information and sells it to Facebook and they steal data from any open tabs or windows and they sometimes open your camera by itself.
This app steals your data and can turn on and off your camera whenever it wants!!! It’s an invasion of privacy and is unacceptable. It can also steal data from any open window you have!!!!
Zoom can legally steal your info and share it with Facebook. A last year, for MONTHS they were turning on people cameras whenever they wanted to! It can also steal any data from any of the open windows on your computer. In conclusion: This app steals you information, and shares it to FACEBOOK! Please don’t use this app, keep your information safe.
This app is going to take your data from any open apps/ windows with out consent
Now more than ever it is a great way to stay connected
It shows many different options it automatically will change the emoji skin tones if u go in settings and it has an option to “touch up your appearance”
I wish there was a way to communicate or post schedules so teachers can plan meeting times better. Other than that I love this app! It’s easy to navigate and it makes learning from my teachers easier than other apps!
It’s good and everything thing so yea but it’s freaking school
They can steal data open on other windows and can turn in your camera at any time!!! What if your naked!!!! This is a horrible scam and you guys have been warned. Take it off the app store
Enjoy using Zoom with friends.  Easy to do.
There is no reason for modal chat (you should instead be able to see all participants and the chat window at the same time) or a reduced number of video feeds at a time on the iPad version - the screen is large enough to accommodate the same number of participants as the desktop version of zoom. Really disappointing UI decisions here.
Great so far!!
Zoom has been a sanity saver! It’s easy to get started and easy to use from any equipment. Having the free option is an amazing generosity.
Horrible app.Thats all I got to say.P.E.R.I.O.D.T
The zoom is a little laggy and sometime u can’t even here when somebody is talking because it’s glitchy but overall i hint it is a good FaceTime meeting
And It is sharing information with Facebook without consent
This app can see your information...
Great and useful!
It takes your data without you knowing and can turn on your camera without you knowing
It allows me to see my friends from my home
This app is an invasion of privacy
Bad
Steals your info .
The app on my iPad keeps logging me out a second after I sign in! Tried it several, several times!
You should NOT get this app
Awesome way to keep in contact and help the kids with distance Learning!
Прерывалось несколько раз.
This app steals you information so do not get this app if you don’t have to
I am a NYS 4th grade teacher! Thanks so for the FREE Zoom access- it has been an incredible help!
Zoom is taking your information and sharing it with Facebook. It can also see and take whatever info you have opened in other tabs of your computer
It’s really useful for my kids schooling and my work
My daughter uses this app to have meetings with her teacher and classmates since school is canceled
This is a fantastic meeting App
They steal information that is meant to be private which is everthing
I wish all our meetings could be by Zoom instead of the usual Brown Act meetings!
"This app has allowed me and others to maintain our spiritual health, growth, and love among my Christian brothers and sisters. 

Jehovah provides escape in the days of distress. Great app!"
It’s pretty glitchy but other than that it’s the best
The zoom app is sharing your date to Facebook and they can control your camera
This company seems to be in the media alot for both Mac and iOS findings related to either privacy and/or installing unknown software processes.  Without direct & documented knowledge of their architecture over all Apple operating systems I would use competitors even if they are suboptimal in features.
wonderful
It takes your data and personal information and randomly turns on your camera. Don’t use this
Liking it! Definitely made out the best of me and my friends during this Covid-19!! Thanks for being there in such a harmful event! Your keeping my hopes up wayyy to high for this and I’m thankful that your open to share ways to help us communicate! Thanks once again!
"On behalf of my rotary, my book club, my friends in England,California and New Zealand ( who are quarantine for four weeks) I thank you! Half of them have subscriptions...
Thanks again!"
I cannot find them
I love it because you can see your friends and other people you want to talk with and you can enjoy it and have a good laugh at your friends but some times it is very laggy for my friends but not me!!!!!!😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘
First I’m trying this and think it’s gonna go great but when I try to listen to the video that the host is showing,no sound. Then I automatically leave the meeting without touching anything. I come back in the meeting and I’m missing the mute button and I can’t hear anyone. This has been going on for about a week now.Please fix these issues. Thank you
Guys get.  This app
This app is horrible would not recommend
Somtim s it will lag in the Adirondack and the video
I'm about to remove this app after reading about it doing illegal data mining for FACEBOOK. Disgusting! Thanks for violating our privacy rights as we desperately try to adapt to online learning during the stressful COVID-19 pandemic. Not okay. Shame on you, Zoom.
Easy to use, extremely valuable especially in these difficult times.
Pretty amazing app, especially in light of the epidemic the world is currently facing.
This app helps me communicate with my teachers and classmates in a time like this.it is so easy use
Zoom is a great way to just personal or professional meetings!  A gift of an app to help us stay connected!
"🧻🦠 - .. -.-. -.- / - --- -.-. -.- 
If ya want u can translate"
"Works alright, albeit issues with frame rate, but never had a perfect video chatting app. 

My main issue is the problem with privacy concerns regarding Zoom’s track record. If I didn’t have to use this program for school, I wouldn’t. Definitely won’t give my permission for camera or contacts. Deleting this after the semester ends."
It is so easy to join a meeting
Taking yoga classes everyday with Yorktown Bikram makes social distancing bearable....it’s the next best thing to being in the studio.   I really miss seeing my yoga buddies and our wonderful instructors!!    Thanks to all the instructors for making this happen everyday!!!  👍
Firstly Zoom gives any user data  to Facebook. Secondly zoom  can gather the data by accessing any file on a computer which is very unsettling to know about in case personal information is on a device. Parents who find out their child is using this app over quarantine might not be so thrilled that this “Safe, easy and trusted” app is gathering  information about their children. School should have done research before letting children us this.  In conclusion this app has major security issues.
My first but not my last in these trying Covad-19 times
Nice meeting app. However cuts off at 40 min. I have the basic. How can I upgrade to longer meetings?
I find the zoom is not very user friendly and is very limited with out getting into grate detail. I just want to cast my zoom meeting to my tv. You need a book to do this.
